 hi ; can anyone give me an idea about grade 109 pay scale in hamad medical cooperation ? hi ; can anyone give me an idea about grade 109 pay scale in hamad medical cooperation ? if hr give me an offer can i give it for a review ? will it affect the current offer ?
 pay scale of 108 be 6500 so how can it be the same for 109 ?
 try aramex
 aramex ! here be the phone no . in case u need it - 4506611 .
 available cheap & with reasonable price.. ; \\aramex..tel . no.as quote by others ... others be double costly than..this
 pm me i will tell u exactly . it part of my jb ... : d
 all courier company say they be good . in my experience all same .
 if it be for europe ; try aramex . if it be for india try st cargo and courier .
 no change in the procedure only application form change . submit the application on ist floor of building no.2 .
 thanks sudheesh for your comment ? do u sumbmit application to moi ? be there very strict for release family visa.can u share your experience ? plss
 could any one share there experience with moi who already get the family rp ? be there still strict to release the rp ?
 family rp from moi anybody be there who receive a family rp from gharaffa immigration recently ? as per the new rule family rp application need to be submit in moi instead of mol . but i would like to know the procedure in immigration if there be any change for the application form and requirement ect ... please share your experience here and i 'm sure it will help others ! thanks
 i just get a list of requirement for family residence visa from gharaffa immigration and these be : 1 . passport copy of wife and child/ren 2 . marriage certificate ( ratified from ministry of foreign affairs-qatar ) 3 . birth certificate/s ( ratified from ministry of foreign affairs-qatar ) 4 . passport and id of applicant ( husband ) 5 . approval letter with job and salary description from work ( sponsor ) - attested from ministry of labor-qatar 6 . bank statement of salary for ( 6 ) month 7 . educational certificate of applicant hope this would help .
 i get the information from moi that it be same like mol . i sm still not submit wait for noc from my employer . if you be work in a private firm it be well to get attest your contact copy from mol . thank you .
 from where u heard regard salary [ qr.8 ; 000/- ] ? information from moi there be no change in requirement for family visa..
 come on ... r u serious ; didnt anyone tell you about the free vodafone minute on every recharge . if not ; then check on www.vodafone.com.qa ; these be the vodafone free minute ; which you can use to call other vodafone no for free . : - )
 i have the same problim ; all i know they do not have vodaphone phone and still add minute ; and i will loose it if not use .
 at first voda phone be heda phone . if you try to call international ; you should try more then 30 time . frns ; it be 100 % true . if you have free call and you do n't know where & how to use ; give me i will use . because i know the ... ... you should know by your self . cause ; it be very simple to know .
 i be vodafone customer who be mad at your state earlier . then lately find out ; if you try call asian country in the evening you wont get through ; when i try during noon it smooth . and for europe and us it always open . so then i start appreciate the vodafone offer for 50 dh international call ; there must be some compromise atleast ... . so lets live with it . and happy to hold one .
 all the bank pretty much charge the same rate ... the differentiating factor be only the service element ... from personal experiences..commercialbank seem to be the best ... i highly reccomend them . j.j
 wow ! thanks ! i will give 'em a ring anytime tomorrow to check that out ...
 your bank we 're your salary be ; it be easy that way . most bank now offer 4.5 % ineterest on car loan . go to any car dealer you prefer ; they will give you full detail . got mine from doha bank . `` katas ng qatar ''
 which bank give the best car loan ? i be in a verge of make a decision whether i should get a car loan or just lease a car . if i decide to get a loan from the bank . which bank give the best customer service and low interest rate . if you know a car i can buy . thats superb ! ! ! !
 yeah ! i would love to ... what car be we talk about here and the price coz i have notice that doha isnt a very big city and i will only use it to drive to work and grocery and night out during the weekend . so i dont mind go for a not so expensive but good car ... if second hand should be handle carefully and wont be have any car wreck in the future pls give me his number
 http : //www.cricinfo.com/
 yeah it right next to the nyquil . seriously try claritine instead . mat need a prescription here though .
 im use also sinutab but you can not find sinutab here try to use the panadol for sinus . it really work base from im experience .
 you can try panadol sinus tablet . they seem to be the close to sinutab here . if you be still battle ; you can also try vibrosil nasal spray . both have help me . good luck .
 they want to get rid of old model . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 basic one fs ; fully load one will cost much more
 da i be think of xttera or fortuner ... pathfinder look tempt ... cant wait to check it out.. < a href= '' http : //s434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/ ? action=view & current=0003.gif '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/0003.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' photobucket '' > < /a >
 arien for me baisc be enough ... .all i need be a auto gear ; power window and a cd player : ) if you get time can you check it out ? ? a it close by your place ? ? < a href= '' http : //s434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/ ? action=view & current=0003.gif '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/0003.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' photobucket '' > < /a >
 da.. fortuner full option be 94k ... i dont like the look of patrol : ) < a href= '' http : //s434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/ ? action=view & current=0003.gif '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/0003.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' photobucket '' > < /a >
 nissan offer saw an ad in today 's gt.. some offer for nissan vehicles . pathfinder for qr . 89 ; 000/- onwards ... and xterra be qr.93 ; 000. and armada be qr.118 ; 000 . i think pathfinder be more expensive than xttera . anyone know why pathfinder be so cheap ? did the price come down or be it a good offer price ?
 < code > < b > fortuner be hopeless : ( pathfinder be excellent ... but doesnt give a look of a family car ... good go for a compact suv. < /code > < /b > -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- < i > give me some sunshine ... ... give me some rain give me another chance ... i wan na grow up once again < /i >
 who care about the look ? engine matters.patrol be virile ; not like exterra or fortuner.. i must say ; a shabaab vehicle .
 fs .. i will.path finder rght ?
 2009 model be on offer . basic xe qr 101 000 automatic transmission ; power window no cd player xe qr 111 000 cd player m cruise control ; alloy wheel ; power window..etc
 females have no taste when it come to selection of vehicles..sad !
 blablu ; can u just keep shut ur big mouth ! ! ! it like a if u men never ask for ne new model queries..sad ; that u think like this..
 : $ i poo 'd on my pants..
 xttera ... have a sporty look ... 2009 onwards it have a lot of feature ... patrol be fuel efficient of the 3 & pathfinder have the best off road ability of the 3 .
 shame on me ? why ?
 think urself bla ...
 nissan offer saw an ad in today 's gt.. some offer for nissan vehicles . pathfinder for qr . 89 ; 000/- onwards ... and xterra be qr.93 ; 000. and armada be qr.118 ; 000 . i think pathfinder be more expensive than xttera . anyone know why pathfinder be so cheap ? did the price come down or be it a good offer price ?
 blablu - its not just this thread and your comment ; i know you be stalkin ; and i dont need to explain it here.you know it and gro up .
 i get a dimwit soniya !
 stalking who ? you ?
 and bablu you be still under age to drive a car.. be i right  '' live for nothing or die for something '' 
 by the word 'engine ' i mean power of the vehicle.we guy use to look the power ; no idea about you.i really dint get the concept of go back to 80 's and 90 's ?
 fs you get a stalker ? ? ? ? cool ; ) **** aal izz well****
 power come from red bull
 jack .. musli power lol
 your grammar be atrocious omar.i can not follow you .
 take a guess !
 nissan offer saw an ad in today 's gt.. some offer for nissan vehicles . pathfinder for qr . 89 ; 000/- onwards ... and xterra be qr.93 ; 000. and armada be qr.118 ; 000 . i think pathfinder be more expensive than xttera . anyone know why pathfinder be so cheap ? did the price come down or be it a good offer price ?
 omer your english teacher should be fired.go back to school man ; but a little good one this time please .
 you will get to know beta very soon.. just wait and watch ok peace out  '' live for nothing or die for something '' 
 a puppeteer and a puppet ! ! lol
 be we discuss about nissan or bulbul ? i mean blablubiliblrrrr ... .watever tat id be ? ? < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/150x50 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' / > < /a >
 i like path as well a i like chevy trail too ... which one be good ? < b > '' bring it on superchaka ! ! ! `` < /b >
 i ignore long time back ... still he wont iognore me..lol anywayz a if i care ? ? lol wk who do he sound like ? lol < a href= '' http : //s434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/ ? action=view & current=0003.gif '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/0003.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' photobucket '' > < /a >
 fs price i have put above . be sure the 2010 model will be ready for launch ; thts why they be clear the 2009 off .
 yes formatted soul ; you be ignore me the day you start have an opinion.sad !
 wow ; so much drama over a car ; lol ! *****if you have n't get anything nice to say ; do n't say anything at all*****
 nissan pathfinder 2005 model for sale ! ! full automatic with airbag ; school bag and trash bag ... lol it also have a `` qataliving.com '' sticker stick on the trunk . price : qrs.89 ; 000/- but especial rate to fs ; u can take it for qrs.80 ; 000/- . if interested ; my pm be open 24/7 anytime . thank you < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/150x50 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' / > < /a >
 nissan offer saw an ad in today 's gt.. some offer for nissan vehicles . pathfinder for qr . 89 ; 000/- onwards ... and xterra be qr.93 ; 000. and armada be qr.118 ; 000 . i think pathfinder be more expensive than xttera . anyone know why pathfinder be so cheap ? did the price come down or be it a good offer price ?
 call them again and check how much be safari or infiniti fx35 < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 rizkssss ... thx but no thx ... : ) i dont wan na loose my hair too ... heard that the old user become bald and beautiful after use that car ! ! lol da i think they be close now ... . < a href= '' http : //s434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/ ? action=view & current=0003.gif '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i434.photobucket.com/albums/qq67/formattedsoul/0003.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' photobucket '' > < /a >
 is size that important ? ... i mean engine size ... .obviously !
 check qgrabs : )
 thanks alot ! cheer !
 u can check this for online shopping : http : //doha.dbanksouq.com/ generally they be overprice ; but it may help u to get an idea
 the most determinative sentence which should alwayz be follow in life- the race is not over bcoz i have not won yet. ! arun yoga teacher
 give thousand chance to your enemy to become your friend . but never give a single chance to your friend to become your enemy . practice `` maitri '' friendliness arun yoga teacher
 near lulu hyper there be music center which give class for music ; you can try there . thanks
 there be a store near jarir bookstore that sell guitar and music instrument ; there be a tutor there ; he teach guitar and piano ; he 's from the philipines . i do n't quite remember his name . but when you get there just ask anyone there about someone that teach guitar and they will help you .
 guitar lesson i 'm interested in have guitar lesson . there be any one who can give me a clue ? ... thank you.gabriela .
 hello m.e . do you mean the jarir bookstore on salwa road or the one on al rayan ? can you give a rough direction where it be locate ? thanks a lot
 hi ... im guitar player.. i can give you lesson if you want ... im work in a hotel in qatar ... basicly im playing blue ... acoustic and electrik ... thanks
 kalakshetra qatar be a school of dance ; music and art . here we be teach all type of musical intruments . we have theory and practical class for guitar also . well qaualified teacher be here . contact u : email id : kalakshetraqatar @ gmail.com ph . no . 44660084
 i think many parent may be do this in the coming week kiwi ... .the authority need to take a good hard look at themselves and the slack practice currently in place ... but for now the time be for grieve and mourn .
 excuse me for be naive mandi ; but be u serious or joke ? i mean ; no kidding ; i do n't want to end up shower in powder or water ; with alarm go on and fire brigade comming over . can i do like u say or ur joking ?
 this be best do by a certification agency ; with people hold expertise in the subject . the moi need to qualify a list of such agency and pay them generously to establish branch here in qatar . permission renewal can not be issue without such certificate on annual basis .
 no joke drsam ; that be a test button in the smoke alarm . do not touch the sprinkler if you have them .
 no ; it 's not a joke ; habibi ! if you be talk about the kitchen in your house you just have a self-contained smoke detector ; not a sprinkler system . a white plastic round object ? there be a test button . there may also be a little green light . if you have a nozzle lead to a pipe that might be a sprinkler system . sprinkler system be heat-activated ; not smoke sensitive . so do n't worry about push a button on a white plastic box . it 's not hard-wired into the emergency response system . it 's just there to wake you up and get you out of the house in case of smoke . mandi
 translator and mandi ; thks ; the `` ear-splitting shriek '' will turn off automatically after a minute or two ; or do i have to turn it off somehow ?
 in most building these be not smoke detector ( smoke be the primary cause of death in fire situation ) they be heat detector and be therefore mostly useless . most people i know who be interested/cognizant of real fire safety have bring smoke detector from their home country and instal them in their homes/flats . heat detector be of little to no use - especially if you be asleep when the fire start . smoke detector be easy to test ; just burn a piece of toast in the same or nearby room . the smoke will set it off .
 fire safety legislation in qatar daycare hi folk ; i be go to inspect my son 's daycare tomorrow in regard to fire safety practice that be ( or be not ) employ on site . i want to know what the law state a what be minimum requirement ; such a a sprinkler system ; fire drill and fire exit . i have have a look through moi and defense website ; but ca n't seem to find what i 'm look for . any advice on this would be much appreciate . cheers ; kiq
 drsam and others -- it 's easy enough to buy your own ; if you be unsure of the one provide . change the battery every year . when we move to qatar i buy a simple battery one for each room -- worth every penny .
 drsam : it depend also on whether it be stand alone smoke detector or it be connect through wire to main fire panel which be normally locate centrally in build entrance or guard house . wired type smoke detector r normally test use smoke spray ( brand name : solo etc ) . installation of fire alarm system require routine preventive maintenance and calibration of detection device ; usually do by qualified technician .
 heat detector be use in area prone to dust or smoke in normal condition like kitchen ; ware house ; washroom ( due to exhaust fan ) ; park floor etc ; smoke detector in this situation lead to more false alarm
 please also do periodic maintenance for ac ; specially during the hot season ; the compressor withdraw extra current to so a to reach the cooling setpoint ; this result extra current flow than normal & eventually spark .
 so do anyone have info on fire-safety law relate to childcare facility in qatar ? some good point here though . raven ; i agree ; now be the time be for grieve and mourn . however ; i still have to drop my toddler off tomorrow at a daycare that may or may not be unsafe . my kid be my first priority and i will do what i have to do as soon a i can ; not in the coming week . drsam . do n't be scar of your smoke alarm . it wo n't bite ... ... .very hard . good point about the a/c aijaz ; our electricity be dodgy anyway . lights blow out every day ; come on and off on their own accord .
 for sprinkler system ; i would suggest a joint drill by the house owner and the occupant ; and in the case of a school or day care center ; it be best decided with cooperation between the parent and the school authority . the test be simple ; a hydrotest be all that be require to check the pressure and the coverage area of each sprinkler . refer to this link for your understanding ; ( note : this be not reality ; it just basic ) http : //www.archtoolbox.com/materials-systems/fire-supression/83-sprinklerspacing.html so ; from this link ; we can say ; the distance between the sprinkler head a & b can be determine by the area cover by distance a ( distance must have a minimum over lapse ) and for the fire alarm ; usually ; a light should be blink on the fas system . if there be no source of light indication ; then these might be battery operate ; and so check would be simple . if battery operate ; first open the battery case cover ; light a lighter/candle for a few second ; and as soon a the buzzer go on ; remove one of the battery . that should prove that the fas work . if it be build control ; consult with the building owner first before take any drastic steps.. maybe these help ... good luck with your inspection tomorrow !
 very informative ; thank you ani . i be not look to take drastic step . i just want to know what the law be regard fire-safety and if our daycare be conform to these law . for the price we be pay ; i certainly hope so . if they be not ; then my child will not be attend in the future ; and i will be contact the appropriate authority .
 actually ; i have be search it myself for the past 1 hour ... damn it hard to find !
 2 year !
 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
 profession status how we will change our visa profession ; mine it 's general supervisor . i want change to engineer . in supervisor profession will they give same facility like engineer. ? please let me know as ealry a possible .
 thank you so much
 have see a couple of qatar regn . vehicle in kerala recently .
 i dont think u can take ur car with you just for your vacation . youd have to pay custom and a such .
 thanq nandu that be helpfull can u tell me be to apply for escort if u dont mind..
 there be a lot of tailor shop ; it depend on what you want !
 sterling tailors in barwa village ; it be run by indian and sri lankans but service be good . i 've see some filipino who be take order from them . just check it out ...
 thanks . will def check 'em out ...
 oh my ... they now sell filipinos ? is there anything they do n't sell ? well ; apart from guitar hero ...
 there 's always a place for improvement . lol ; .
 you can check with dr.ahmad of al-jabor vision technology for eyes/lasik treatment & the number be 44321393
 for eye laser therapy ? can any body tell me a good professional medical institute/clinic/hospital with expert/skilled/professional doctor for the eye laser therapy treatment here /-a-t-/ doha ? ? ?
 can u give me the detail from ur friend abt the doctor ; work ; expense etc etc ? ?
 the best place for eye laser treatment will be hmc .
 yea it easy just get your divorced certificate and your id and go to the immigration office and they will let u know if they approve it or not within two week and u have to decide first which country u want the maid from
 if you work on a single status then i think it would be very difficult . as generally nannies/house maid be for family . you be state single mom.. now that beggers the question be you marry or not . if you be not marry then that might be another problem a you will be require to produce the marriage certificate at the immigration department..
 check out http : //www.moi.gov.qa/site/english/channel/residents/index.html or http : //portal.www.gov.qa/wps/portal/homeen ? new
 i think you should have no problem ; but the paper you will require be a bit troublesome ... . anyways ; with the new requirement here be the paper you will need for the approval ( ive be through this proceedure just a month ago ) . 1- your passport copy with a copy of your rp . 2- your child/childrens passport copy with a copy of their rps . 3- marraige/divorce certificate . 4- salary certificate from your employer with date of employment . preferably certify from the housing department ( but in that case you will need 2 copy of your salary certificate ; a one copy stay with the housing dept ) 5- bank account statement from your bank ; preferably stamp from the bank . then you must type out the application form ( you can type it out at the immigration office ) identifying which nationality you will be employ . then you go to build no . 4 to apply the application with the attached paper require . they give you a follow up slip that have the visa request number on it . you can track the application online at www.moi.gov.qa if it approve then `` mabrook ! '' otherwise you have to go upstairs and talk to the manager and he should `` approve '' it for you after you tell him why you need the helper ! good luck ! need any help let me know !
 if you know the sword ; it after the that ... the way go to corniche
 its very easy to get to souq wakif ... follow the straight corniche road from toyota tower till you reach the diwan emiri rounabout ... .now the signal b4 diwan emiri roundabout take a left ... ..keep goin straight untill u r on th eal-fardan signal ... n then take a right frmo the signal ... ..the entire souq on your right be souq wakif ... u can call me once u r aorund..incase u dont find the way ... 5739297
 it be just opposite the al fardan exchange or the karwa bus terminus
 opposite to to souq najda .
 where be souq waqif locate ? ? ? where be souq waqif locate ? ? ? ? give me the way to go there ? ? ? ?
 ask anyone about gold souk that will make your way brighter . it entire area behind alfardan and around karwa terminal .
 same here ... : (
 i m arab i can give u private lesson if u wish ! ! ! any one else interested ? u r welcome ! ! i m an english teacher as well and i m take tuition course ! i m also tutor french .
 i will gove you learn arabic.that be very simple.but where be you staying.give me your details.apakader2002 @ yahoo.com
 your perception be wrong about tunisian or morrocons ... they speak good arabic and french too ... one can easily understand them ... they use to speak with one another in their native accent ...
 my wife take a course there not too long ago . i think her teacher be a qatari woman .
 you write ! : ) every non-native speaker who know some english seem to fancy themselves an english tutor but people should remember that accent be an important part of learn a language . remember ; you get what you pay for .
 ask any local to teach english or french ; even they know it to full extent but they ca n't manage to teach ... ! teach itself be a tough job ; you have to first prepare yourself to speak out ...
 rezyz do you mean local should give privet class for people who need ? ? there be noooooooo qatari give class and this will not happen this job be for people from north africa not for u
 do you think you be superior to north africans ? as i say there be local woman who teach arabic . and there be alternative to people from the magreb teach arabic . look at all the people here from palestine ; iraq ; syria ; lebanon ; jordan and egypt ( although i would n't study egyptian arabic because every other arab laugh at you ) .
 arabic tutor i want to learn arabic ; can someone advise me a place . i just want to learn spoken arabic not write . can someone suggest me a place where i can interact in a classroom ; not through a computer please .
 for ur information north african be tunisian and moroccan and if u claim that it be up to them ti teach arabic then u assert that they be arab or how could they teach a language they do not speak ! allow me to say that u r speak out of ignorance ! it be true we be not 100 % pure arab but the islamic openenigs be century ago ! we speak good arabic than u and good french than u and well english than u despite the fact that we dont use it on a daily basic ! a for me i have a ba in english literature and teaching ! i have a good accent as well a we have special course for pronunciation and speaking ! a for my writing i do teach good than i write ; ) it be internet im not go 2b so formal : p
 it be bcz of arab like u that we be exclude ourselves ! but beware that there be no difference between arab nor maghrebins nor any other ethnicity ! bcz allah look into our heart and how pious we r !
 i rest my case . this be not a case of `` text speak '' ; it be a case of fluency and your post do n't reflect solid knowledge of english grammar and vocabulary . also ; i have hear moroccans ; algerians and tunisians speak english ; even one that earn a university degree in english ; and their pronunciation be never that of a native speaker . a good friend of mine have a moroccan wife who have a phd in english from one of their major university and although her grammar and vocabulary be great ; she could n't really tutor because student want someone who have a native accent and 99 time out of a hundred ; that will not be someone who study english in a foreign university . sorry ; but my wife be an english teacher for many year and still tutor ; and i be still surprise at what pass for `` teach '' in many case .
 such a `` allah < b > look < u > s < /u > < /b > into our heart '' ... . ; ) stick to teach arabic ; my dear : )
 soooooooo any institution here ? ?
 go to al fanar . they have class for men and woman ( separately ) and even teach the qatari dialect . plus they be nice people there . : )
 baya be you that stupid to say that you know arabic more than me ! ! ! by the way i think i know you because there be only a few tunisian in qatar who teach english and franch and i can reach you easily for say that you speak arabic good than me we will see then who can speak arabic and i will see if you dare to say this in my face this be the internet and every one can say whatever he or she want but in the real world you will shrink like an ant in front of me
 oohh qatarrii y u gettng so seriouss ... evryone be rite aat ther plaace but no need to be soo serious we all knw u be best ... .but mayb baya be also best 4anyone ... well ... can u teach me arabiic : p : d butt be cool yrr ... . : )
 can you give me any contact information ?
 if there be one can you pm me i really need one ... thank you ...
 arabic tutor i want to learn arabic ; can someone advise me a place . i just want to learn spoken arabic not write . can someone suggest me a place where i can interact in a classroom ; not through a computer please .
 please pm me for detail only if you be serious ! ! ! !
 berlitz offer arabic speaking lesson but i think it standard arabic not qatari dialect . if that be what you want ; contact them .
 fiber optic cable work & networking we have well experience team and authorized certification & approvals for fiber optic laying ; blowing ; splicing ; networking ; telephone block wiring ; etc . kindly contact u for any of your requirement mob : 66454877 ; 33854426
 hai mam / sir i would like learn arabic write / reading . im a muslim so i have basic knoledge in arabic . so please help me .arabic be compulsary for my business field with best regard sheheem 33070779
 i would like to lean arab . just tell me the tuition course . there have any age restriction ? expect your valuable reply .
 hey ! cant anyone tell somebody that this case be close ? ? ? all of the fella above left qatar since sept.2010///
 kind attention : maha can i get ur contact detail a i wish to learn arabic language thanks sudarsan e-mail id : sudarsan.147 @ gmail.com
 my daughter want to learn arabic . please call me on 55576388
 < p > cornerstones language and learning centre. < /p > < p > teaches arabic < /p > < p > 44310079 < /p >
 dear baya ; please send your cv to rafif @ hotmail.com regards ; rafif abdalla
 arabic tutor i want to learn arabic ; can someone advise me a place . i just want to learn spoken arabic not write . can someone suggest me a place where i can interact in a classroom ; not through a computer please .
 i think there be much more good way to learn arabic through online teacher . right ?
 send me a msg and i will introduce you to an arabic teacher who have be teach in certified qatari schools for 28 year .
 i 'm look for an arabic tutor . please pm me if you can help .
 i want to learn arabic also !
 not sure of the quality but they have a long wait list - a few month - and they do not do orthodontic work .
 i be try to find `` the best '' dental care in doha ; and everything i hear about be ok ; at best . i be in an accident that involve major dental/maxillary trauma ; so i need the best care rather than `` ok '' care . sigh . . .
 i recommend dr. assaad hashem in al emadi hospital ;
 why do you recommend dr. assaad hashem ?
 i visit him after many recommendation from friend and i be happy
 try smile center call 180 & ask for try smile center number
 dentists at aspetar ( aspire ) clinic - good ? i be in aspetar today for an injury and notice that they have a dental clinic . since i 've be very impressed with the quality of their medical care i think i 'd check out the dental clinic a well . does anyone know anything about them ? thanks ; expat sueo
 i would recommend dr. little of doha dental . i saw him and he be very good .
 it on ten sports . you can get it through pehla ; and maybe even art .
 al jazeera sports channel or online : ) www.motogp.com
 the best tv package available anywhere in the world ! ! ! < b > *** light travel fast than sound . that 's why most people appear bright until they open their mouths. < /b >
 it 's on al jazeera sports 2 ; right now !
 stoner to win ... ..storms keep cut my bloody reception ! ! !
 yes ; a proof of your proficiency ; unless you be able to speak french ; which be another option .
 yes.. ! !
 a general ielts test be must for immigration to canada .
 yes you can .
 where can i find swimming lesson for lady only where can i find swimming lesson ( beginner ) for lady only
 to my understand the h2o swim club offer that type of lesson . please check their website http : //www.h2oswimclub.com or email them at info @ h2oswimclub.com for detail regards ! !
 in the hamad aquatic center ; it 's the building infront of the aspire dome ; it look like a ship
 wher be midmac r/a behind merch store ?
 where be ladies peak club ? /midmac r/a ? < ! -- break -- >
 do you have phone number for lady peak club ?
 u just read the question in my mind.. sighhh ...
 oye jacko ... kithe yaar ? ? ? ? ... ... when under pressure ... take a deep breath ... clear your head of all cobweb ... .and sit down again and start afresh ... . u can also listen to music ... but dont watch tv or read anything with violence or negativity ... ..
 handle pressure with grace ... =p cheer !
 my gf
 if under pressure and ppl around you bother you.. pick up a pencil and start poke them.. arrghhh - '
 what do you do when you be under pressure ? what do you do when you be under pressure ?
 i start cry ; shake and smoking ...
 to the near by loo
 for me if i experience that ... . i will take a deep breath ... and say expect amazing ! then smile = ) ... lolz
 mj ... yeah it depend on so many thing ... listen to pretty girl sing be one way to relax ; ) vic ... `` handle pressure with grace '' ... vic where be she ? grace ? ... . ; ) kralibo ... can i call your gf too ? ... lol ... athar83 ... you must be brother of rizks ... qatar1 ... lol ... yeah i can only do that only after 12pm on thursdays ... britexpat motiv8er ... you and mangal pandey must be brother ... lol flan ... lol i need that content of the bag you carry to every outing ... lol wikileaks ... lol nana that will increase my pressure ... talk to myself be not an answer ... lol dota ... lol expect amaze ... oskaar ... yeah smoking could be an option
 make a forum on ql name `` what do you do when you be under pressure ? '' lol
 jack ; why not go to ramada parking ... or tell your wive to take you for shopping ... lol
 lol jack where be that pretty girl ? : p
 mj one of them be drink red bull ... and type into some country specific social networking site ... . the other one could also be on that same network ... the third one i have no idea ; ) fa shopping ? ... lol fighting pressure with pressure ?
 eh ... jack ; grace be hold my hand all the time ... she stay beside me only cause she know how bad i can be if i lose my temper =p cheer
 lol jack ... : p
 what do you do when you be under pressure ? what do you do when you be under pressure ?
 try to think of what be bad than this situation ? then you will realise that you be ok now . i.e . treat the pressure with more pressure .
 i be wait for rizq to post the suicide map again : p
 if you do not have shoe ; find a person with no leg
 if i 'm under pressure my head ache like hell & i really try to be calm by think that it wo n't take a lifetime & it will eventually be over..i always think i can surpass..
 jack i suggest ; when under pressure ; head to orion ; drink 'tonic ' ... ... pressure release ! ! ! !
 painther ... .doubt if that will work for jacko ... .. hey jacko - i have a sure fire way that will help you ... : - ) ... .but i will have to pm u the method ... .lol
 davinci ; how do it help you to find a person with no leg if it be you that do not have shoe ? ? ? bit senseless ; non ? besides ; if you have not notice ... shoe go on foot ; not legs .
 take a break ... .
 victoria answer you smart girl
 when under presurre..check take time out if that be possible ... : )
 us educational group qlrs who attend the us educational group siminar yesterday at the movenpick tower ; which university sound a a good level one ; good campus and support and with an accepted tuition fee ? kindly share your thought ! enjoy !
 which one be you think about ?
 mandilulr ; frankly there be so many but what i prefer the most be : kentucky university and virginia commonwealth university ; roger williams university be good too but it fee be even high ... so still not sure bout it ; besides i need also to kno which state be well to be at ! so what you think ?
 wow ; you be look at very different school . the university of kentucky be a large ( huge ) state school offer almost all possible course of study and where the student will be mostly from kentucky . roger williams be a small ; elite liberal art school in rhode island . if you like virginia commonwealth ; your best bet be to stay in doha rather than go all the way to richmond ; virginia . there be thousand and thousand of school in the us ; you may want to narrow them down by size ; major offer and geographical area . not to mention admission criterion ! by the way ; you be get late for admission for next fall .
 ps ; they will all be very expensive these day ! minimum of $ 25 ; 000 usd per year for tuition and expense .
 yea im a little bit late but this be intentional ; coz im not plannin to go straight ahead ; im lebanese work in qatar ; and movin to usa be not that easy thing ; it need planning and previous study include financial status and lively hood and so on ... . you be right regard the tuition fee ; all exceed 25000 $ ; but they have scholarship at to 12000 $ and a student ccan work up to 20 hr per week and so on ... so we 'll c ... i think im gon na go for that by 2010 thanks for the help : d enjoy !
 yes right there be some thing call dunestock actually it an event hold every year in dune . you can do search here on ql by use the search tab and you will find alot about dunestock . be anxiously wait for this year event which i heard will be in nov .
 rj - so that 's why everyone get chew gum - you be hoard all the coin ! < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= '' the pearl development panorama by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3351/3615935822 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 57 '' alt= '' the pearl development panor
 yes ofcourse you must need the exit permit
 exit permit be need only if they be under company sponsership . in your case it wo n't be require .
 no ; they do not need as long a they 're under your sponsorship .
 do we need exit permit for family ? hello friends ; my family be here in qatar in visit visa for last 5 month in my personal sponsorship . now they need to go back and come again on visit visa after 3-4 month . do i need to get the exit permit for them ? ? your answer will be highly appretiated . thanks in advance .
 dear not require in any case except ur wife be not work on any others sponcership rather tha u
 guys ... .this community be to help ppl..dont misguide them..if u r under ur father / husband sponsership no need of exit permit ... .if u r under ur company sponsership u need exit permit ... .
 yes ; this community be to help people not misguide them ... .i m on my husband 's sponsorship n i never get exit permit while travel
 go to airport ask somebody to do u a favor to bring the mobile phone or send to your home by courrier be sure it cheaper but give some money to the one who will carry your phone .
 try skycom / www.skycomex.com ( near airport ) they seem to be very good i have use them before to send 2 mobile to the usa and it cost about qar 200
 send the mobile ; with any of ur friend or their friend ; who will be travel to jaipur . instead of increase the cost of the mobile by send skycom or dhl or aramex or any courier company . since all the mobile brand be available in india ; send the money there ; let them purchase it from there . regards
 just inquire from your community who stay in your place a to whoever go for a vacation . or good you go home and bring the unit to your place and come back afterwards
 you can send by post office for cheap price ( compare to courier service )
 keep on salwa road . ( this be the main road that radiate out of doha from the ramada signal and take you to the saudi border ) . so ; keep on salwa road and you will cross midmac round-about ( now a flyover ) decoration round-about ; wholesale market round-about ; aziziya round-about and another small round-about before come to the new flyover which have replace industrial area round-about . go straight over the industrial area flyover ; and keep to the right lane . about 500 mt after the flyover ; and just before the next interchange ; there be a road to the right ; perpendicular to the main road . take this right turn and on your right hand side be the new ceid department building where you can have your finger print take . i get it do for my family in less than 15 minute .
 try to search for vasantha bhawan 's number and order idli vada with sambhar or masala dosa or paneer dosa ... . : )
 any number for restaurant near corniche ; ; ... i only know one number to dial whenever we be on lunch break and i feel like supper hungry ( kfc ) ... i would like to find a good restaurant who have delivery ... ... ..please if you know one ... . : ) ) thank you ... ... and what be the best food to order in that restaurant ? ? ? ... ... ..
 44370444 golden fork restaurant . try it food & snacks both be good
 alosra restaurant near baby shop is best delivery andhomely food tel 4431 1661 or 4431 9941
 kharuwlina ; why do n't you just take a walk and look for yourself which restaurant in the area you like ? you could even go inside and get their delivery menu ! amazing ; right ? ; )
 thank you ; and you be welcome .
 all i know bout filipino 's usually the woman be hot ; hot hotty hot ; )
 a boss of mine be say woman must be hot enough that her partner should n't look around for other woman .
 i think your evidence be base on not have see vanessa hudgens .
 qhris vanessa hudgens ; vanessa hudgens nooop ring no bell/s.jessica alba by the way ring a lotta bell .
 seantrump i assume u do n't see kim .
 now u really want to listen `` pervert '' : p
 any number for restaurant near corniche ; ; ... i only know one number to dial whenever we be on lunch break and i feel like supper hungry ( kfc ) ... i would like to find a good restaurant who have delivery ... ... ..please if you know one ... . : ) ) thank you ... ... and what be the best food to order in that restaurant ? ? ? ... ... ..
 altar d. `` pervert '' .hhmmmm never try that brand of cheese before .
 aaghosh sour grape ? ? ?
 the new park behind hyatt plaza be lovely and have a path all the way round with that slightly bouncy rubber surface ( which they seem to be repair already . . . ) .
 you could always join up with the hash house harriers ! there be two group who run on mondays and wednesdays . the monday group go out to the desert ; while the wednesday group do all the palces you already go to . < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= '' monotone mia by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3389/3262305312 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 97 '' alt= '' monotone mia '' / > < /a >
 thanks ! baldrick ; you know what time they meet and what their skill level be ? never forget the thing that really do matter ...
 skill level ! rotflmao ! ! ! they range from cripple to marathon runner . they be not 'serious ' athlete ; but just a bunch of guy that like to have a bit of excercise and socialise . runs vary from 6-10k and generally last 50-90 minute there 's a saying ... `` if you have half a mind to join the hash house harriers ; that 's all you need ! '' < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= '' monotone mia by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3389/3262305312 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 97 '' alt= '' monotone mia '' / > < /a >
 sounds good ; i may be able to keep up with some of the cripple : ) who do i talk to to find out what time ? never forget the thing that really do matter ...
 kick off < s > tonight < /s > monday be at 4:30. send me a pm with your email if you want to go . < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= '' monotone mia by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3389/3262305312 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 97 '' alt= '' monotone mia '' / > < /a >
 balders tonight ? since when do the qh3 start run on a sunday ? am i miss some thing ? or be you still suffer from that that bad flu . that here in qatar itsunday the first day of the week not mondays..lol lucky red devils again ; bribe the referee for not allow that penalty..damm hope the mersey siders win today to keep the epl lively ... -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - he who dares wins
 uk ... head still spin with the med : os roadtester ; pm me . certain thing best kept offline . < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= '' monotone mia by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3389/3262305312 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 97 '' alt= '' monotone mia '' / > < /a >
 runners ! ! just curious to see if anyone have any good suggestion for place to run in doha . the only post i have find say the corniche . that be kind of obvious : ) . i go to the corniche when i get the chance . other than that i run at khalifa stadium . anyone have other suggestion ?
 i think run up to corniche would be an option ... .not many have complete the act ... ..lol ukengqatar ... there be many like me for whom sunday be the second day of the week : ( baldrick be joke ( rhyme hhh give him away )
 i be wonder about local hhh group ; how many people come along ?
 lol ; oh tat a norm here ... . when u r here ; you too will start smell like an onion ... . : )
 lp ; we be talkin abt earth not where u live ... .. : (
 yes.. i miss those hot old day with 50c temperature .. : (
 such a good comparison lp ... hehe
 but well ... .even tho it such a hot weather but people be hide in cold place like office ; mall ; or stuff wouldnt feel the heat tho ... ( am i right ? )
 anyway smoke i like ur cat dance quite sexi ... be dat ur dance style ? lolz
 rizks @ i wonder if u do that b4 to try the heat hahaha
 yup he usually dance like tat when ever he see 's a guy ! : )
 really ? how be the weather like in qatar ? the weather be generally pleasant in winter and hot and humid during the summer month . winter daytime temperature average a very pleasant 20-35 degree celsius ( 68-95 degree fahrenheit ) ; although night can be relatively cool . you will need to wear a sweater or a light coat during the winter . in summer ; the temperature get as high a 50 degree celsius ( 122 degree fahrenheit ) . 50degree ? ?
 no i do 'tat ' on my 2 legs ! : )
 who be this new villa ; old wine in new bottle ?
 no ; new wine in new bottle ! : (
 brand new as well ... .
 are you hot ? : p
 yes she be ; if she touch a bowl of water it will start boil itself ... .. : (
 if you need a sweater in winter ; than what do you wear in the summer ? ?
 in hot summer the tempreture go up to 50
 be @ still a sweater to cover my skin lolz..its might sound funny ... but woman in my country r cover up head to toe with umbrella to the beach ... n most of them ( include me ) not gon na swim in da sea : d
 thanks to all
 which school be well voltaire or bonaparte hey ; considering a move to qatar . what do you recommend a a french speaking school ? voltaire or bonaparte ?
 both be good school but bonaparte will teach your kid to become a good leader but they concentrate mainly on outdoor physical activity ; manoeuvers & strategy . horse riding and lance & sword be their speciality . they also concentrate on proper health hygiene & sanitation and frequently remind the kid about properly use water in the loo..which the gaul generally dislike ! so they will make a good manager & strategist of you kid ! on the other hand voltaire will make your child more of a philosopher ! they encourage independent thinking ... and mainly concentrate on indoor activity ! they inculcate good moral value in the child and he will surely grow up to be a think person ! in school they encourage kid to read great work of science and fiction . the literary skill in your kid will bloom . in addition they also teach the art of candid photography & journalism ! specialization : wit & sattire in poetry & prose !
 wondering what they teach at elton john school ? ...
 jack any such institute propagate any banned ideology like homosexuality be not allow in qatar !
 jack they teach you all about 'candle in the hind '
 thank you edifis ; i agree that your summary be a great insight into these institution . it will surely help u in make our decision ! i 'll get back to you on it ( hehe nice comment about the gaul btw )
 dear edifis ; as we be finalize our move to qatar ; i think i 'd ask you this question . we be tell that the level of french in voltaire might be low due to the blend with non-french speaker . do you know anything about that ?
 dear edifis ; on the contrary ur review be very helpful ! be u in the field of education ? that be what make me want to know more from you
 bonaparte be probably much more famous than voltaire . apart from `` candide '' ; no one bother with voltaire 's literary work any more . yes ; he be a leading force in the enlightenment and he have have some influence on french thought ; but napoleon 's influence upon the whole of europe be far more profound . i suppose that you could compare napoleon to hitler ; a in some way napoleon be responsible for a series of war that affect the whole of europe ; from the gate of moscow to madrid . on the other hand ; napoleon be not a racist and certainly never even contemplate genocide . to be fair to napoleon ; it be true to say that the old monarchy of europe be very unhappy with the appearance of republican france and therefore they set out to squash the revolution by force of arm . so napoleon do not start the war that drag on until 1815 ; but he certainly continue them ; very successfuly for a long while ; and his final defeat also mean the end of the revolution and the return of the bourbons .
 tony ; there be french school in qatar ? never heard of them.. ; /
 tonyhanna1 ; i would suggest you a few point to avoid regret in future ; just after your arrival ; a a parent you should visit both school yourself . you should check the school 's curriculum ; activity plan and the academic calendar ... ask for the strength of the particular class and see the premise ... if youre satisfy by all mean ; then decide yourself where to enroll your child .
 which school be well voltaire or bonaparte hey ; considering a move to qatar . what do you recommend a a french speaking school ? voltaire or bonaparte ?
 dear all ; anybody gan send me the e-mail of the voltaire school and it web page . thanks you for your support yasser
 hey yasser they do not have a website ! as for their email it be : sec.lyceevoltairedoha @ yahoo.fr
 thank you tony for your prompt reply and kind support actually i have try to contact many french school in doha ; while i will move to doha next july and my family be do to follow me next august . so i be trieng to contact french school ask them thier regestration procedure for my kid . i have recieved a reply from bonabart school which be a little bit disappoint while they have mention that the possibility for my kid to join bonabart school be very low while the periority be to french paople . i also contact lebanese school who mention that they only accept the lebanese student while they have a limited position . i be woundering whether you can help me in that issue once again ; thanks for your co-operation ; regard ; yasser
 you or your husband must have a family status visa and earn more than qr4500 . if either of you earn at least qr4500 per month you can ask your employer to change your visa to a family visa . then you can bring your daughter in and do the requirement . without the minimum salary of one person ; they wont normally change your visa status ( unless you know someone ; who know someone )
 ok ; you need to do couple of thing : 1- noc from your employer address the ministry of interior 2- certificate of salary no less then qr7000 . ( use to be qr4500 ) 3- bank statement of salary for at least 6 month 4- a copy of your reisdence electricy bill 5- a copy of your accommodation bill 6- marriage certificate - a copy of the passport of the mother . good luck & bonne chance ; cheers !
 yes it be ; that too return ticket date should be maximum one month from the date of arrival . once arrive here in doha you can cancel or change date a per your requirement . indian authorities wont allow to board the aircraft if return ticket it not available
 thanx for the info ... tht be much helpful
 i 'm in doha for the second time on visit visa and both time i travel with one-way ticket .
 yes ; it be . to my knowledge airline will not issue an `` okay to board '' letter if there be no return ticket on a visit visa . also ; one can take a four-month return ticket at the same cost and change the date of exit once one be here .
 maybe the people at http : //rcqatar.com/index.php could help you on this . regards ! !
 do you think this salary package be good ? 51000 tax free ; free accmodation ; transportation allowance ; world wide medical cover ; 30 day pay annual leave and family school ? they have say their be other family benefit but i be still wait on further detail . do you think this be a good offer ? how expensive be it to live in doha in term of food ; utility bill etc ? thanks
 free annual flight too .
 a a general manager for a retailer .
 and for school ; you have to make it clear you want to send the kid to the british curriculum school . and make sure the company will pay full fees not percentage .
 good offer ; as long a they pay for accomodation and schools other thing be sheap .
 good offer ... go for it ... .goodluck
 it be a good offer go for it ; but like novita say ; get it all in write first . we do n't get all we be promise and it can be a massive let down .
 no worry bout d food n bill out here ; ; ; alla be cheap ... but bill in school and in accomodation ; ; ; omg ! but gudluck then ... we be give : two hand to hold . to legs to walk . two eye to see . two ear to listen . but why only one heart ? because the other be give to someone else . for u to find .
 i 'm not much sure about your need and taste . but if you get everything for free of cost but your food ; then it a decent offer . i guess you 've already post about his prospective employer . and if they be directly hire your hubby then i 'd say stick on to it . -- -if you ca n't convince them ; confuse them ! ! !
 ive be offer a job of 45 ; 000 with a package of fully furnish accom ; flight+car+medical cover i have to send money back to the uk so i need advise on good bank and there charge for transfer local currency to how much be it to eat out to eat inn so i can budget for both ilook forward in hear from you all many thanks
 u all
 do anyone know if skype can be use here skype be a site where you be able to contact other people who use this site and also can make phone call to others worldwide on there mobile or landline phone . i just wonder if this can be use here a i have hear some bad story of people use this..
 absolutly and completely legal *as long a you do n't sell the service )
 you can use any kind of internet call system here . if you be look for something cheap ; please contact me 6025877
 i use it daily and it work fine . the only thing u have to consider be that some of the internet connection here be quite slow ; so if you use video call you may find the call drop every now and again .
 yes you can use it like any other instant messaging/voip services..
 hi ; login into www.intervoip.com and www.12voip.com . you can buy credit through credit card . it be legal and do n't sell .
 please . you have my permission . skype away .
 yes ; you definately can use it here as long a it be not for commercial use . work on the nokia e and n series too .
 a big yes ... ...
 skype all you can . enjoy ! ! cheers..
 you can use skype without any restriction but be aware if you use video the call may drop occasionally .
 where to sell office porta cabin ? anyone please advise what we can do with a office portacabin . we have a portacabin 10m x 3m with all elctrical connection at mesaieed . if anyone interested to buy then please pm me with contact number . if no buyer then please let me know where we can dispose it . regards ;
 put classified hereon ql and in arabic news paper someone will buy
 please contact : gafoorpp @ anchorageqatar.com
 i have hear about that from a friend and they do not disclose the price yet ; only after 630pm .
 probably it mean ... your application request have be receive ... .
 u will recived on print out papper then u go passport office they will give u new visa after this they will transafar visa to your passport then u go for medical & finger print
 http : //www.mol.gov.qa/arabic/e-services/pages/laborinformationservice.aspx
 take the print out from the mol website and go to immigration office ... .if you dont know how to take a print from mol website coz of it arabic version ; you may go to any type shop ; they will be able to help you in get a print out ... congrats ... ..for your visa .
 we provide the high quality clothes ; especially for asian lady ( indonesia ; malaysia ; philipina ; thailand ; china ; etc ) in qatar with an affordable price base on their quality . we be ready to supply these clothes to you ; both individually and to the fashion shop in qatar . we will not charge you for delivery to your address around doha city-qatar . please visit our website www.qatarbeautyshop.com . we also always online on facebook : runa @ yahoo.com or runa mode you will be save in do online shoping with u
 welcome on board ... .
 check in classifields may b vasta be on sale .. lol
 what be vasta and who be they ? ? i jus read abt this vasta ; can anyone tell me how can dey help in gettin a residence visa/family visa ... be it possile 2 get a visa if one doesnt have 7000 salary..pls help urgent
 lol ... vastha mean 'hold ' or the 'power ' .. for example . . if u want a family visa ; if u have someone for recomendation it be call vaastha..
 `` wasta '' be an arabic word which mean reference to get thru in
 there be no vasta company ; everyone be vaasta for someone for something when in need . that be arabic terminology mean only a support/help recommend to get something to get easily . that be vaaasta .
 if you be a muslim ; then pray two rakae istikhara ; and sit in the place for a while after finishig the prayer ; and in few minute you will get fee back about what you have to do with it and do accord to that . wish you god speed in your new endeavour . if you be a nonmuslim ; leave thing to god . ; and just move it a u wish and what seem to be good and what be in your destiny that will make it easy for you . that be all ; none can change your decreed formula in your life except allah the almighty . that be it .
 well ; that 's me who have ask that question ! : )
 if this question be not a joke ; then the answer be ; not necessarily .
 to be frank ; it not a joke . i 'm just curious !
 there be two type of thyroidism ; hyper and hypo . does it cause immaturity in term of how the mind or intelligence work ; then the answer be ; not necessarily . i have a friend in post grad college who have hypot ; but be the most intelligent in the class n batch that she be a topper .
 i know it stupid ; but i have a plenty question to ask . 1 . can thyroidism be consider a a terminal illness ? 2 . is it genetic or can a child inherit thyroidism from a parent ? 3 . ( i have more question to ask ; but people may consider me a someone without brain ! )
 as sid say ; the irregularity in the secretion of thyroid gland have an effect on your metabolism rate . one could be depress or feel stress out almost everytime due to it effect on the brain but it not know to affect the intelligence .
 thyroidism and maturity is it true that a 21 year old patient suffer from thyroidism behaves like a 15 year old ?
 can thyroid cause anxiety relate disease ?
 i do n't mean anything like mania or phobia . now let me come to the point ; can thyroid cause anxiety related hand tremor ?
 check in the souq area..
 yes . sure ; they buy and sale old .
 check in souq haraaj and souq najda
 they do it at souq najda and al saad .
 yeah of course you can ; in al saad area there be many shop where they do it ! ! ! !
 try to post it here in mobiles classify section .
 call 180 and ask for packer and mover . they have these roll
 dear all bank here accept all international ( visa/master/diner club/american express ) atm 's card unless you acteviate international withdrwal from your mother bank in your mother country . atchah ?
 about withdraw money hi friends ; i have state bank of india debit card . i try to with draw the money to the atm . it 's not accept . anybody know which bank atm will accept sbi debit card for withdraw the money
 you can call ( your bank call center ) you will find their number at the back side of your card to acteviate this service for u
 pls confirm weather ur atm be international or within india only ? ? ? this u can do by call the cal centre . but dont forget ; ur call india 's national bank cal center and dont expect a prompt action . wish u good luck my friend
 you will have to visit your branch to activate service
 a couple of good best-selling novel . it 's hard to find much here in doha in the way of book . mandi
 ipod to entertain herself in case of boredom ... a lot of patience for her student ... and extra sanity kit to keep herself normal a time pass by ... lol ; )
 thanks ; please keep suggestion come ; would like to send her off with a useful gift
 good brandt of tan cream ; i guess it usefull here ...
 a big box of decent tea ... . like `` scottish blend '' or `` tetleys '' .. nothing remain the same ; and everything will change at some point .
 bacon . nice bread ; bacon ; bacon ; errmmm bacon and a pork joint ...
 there be cheap one here though ... otc ( over the counter ) medicine for cold ; fever or flu just in case . the weather here be kinda get colder and a change in the weather ; your friend might catch a cold or flue ... almost all newcomer here experience it antibiotics like penicillin ; amoxicillin coz here in qatar ; you need to have a prescription to but antibiotic < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-graphics.com '' > < img src= '' http : //dl9.glitter-graphics.net/pub/1554/1554899nsyu1pyr1d.gif '' width=170 height=25 border=0 > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-works.org '' target= > < /a >
 what to give to a person who be go to qata i have a female friend who be leave for a teach job in qatar in january . what would be a useful portable gift to give her to take with her ?
 go to tesco buy some good late dvd..here there be a bit costly.. also buy here an internet phone ( like the tesco internet phone so she can keep in touch with you ) .. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - he who dares wins < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/125x125 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about li
 couple of good novel ; all time favorite movie ; digital camera ...
 agree i do the same indorachel..but some time you get a good copy some time a bad one..for example a few month old movie in the uk be 3 to 5 which be around qr18 to qr25 plus it will be an original.. but defennatively i would say dont for the internet phone..will be very handy when make call back home.. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - he who dares wins < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/125x125 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about li
 ditto on the book and dvd 's . excedrin .
 ditto on the bacon ; pork sausage ; pork chop ; ham ; ... .can you tell we miss pork ! i think get a care package together : her favorite perfume ; shampoo ; conditioner ; glycerin soap ; set of dvds of her favorite tv series : they show outdated sit coms and other series here . ( ie : denny just die on grey 's anatomy ! ) she may not be able to find her brand of product and if she doesm she 'll have to pay more for them here . oh ; and do i mention she should pack patience ?
 brother nishanth i appreciate ur participation in all forum post ; but please do read the question before you start reply . *** the question say apart from carrefour ***
 nothing like dg saraf here ; go to carrefour .
 ramadan over its eid 2morrow
 its eid tomorrow .
 yeap i be in kind of a coma ; now i 'm back alive ... ..thx to all eid mubarak !
 ramadan hi ! just want to know be it confirm that it 's ramadan tomorrow ?
 smart idiot ... that be quite funny.. it eid tomorrow..
 it be eid tomorrow my friend . eid mubarak .
 al ahli sport club in al hilal.. < b > cheer ; paul < /b >
 try the al markhiya sport club ; qr250 an hour ; grass ; floodlight ; they will supply the football .
 paul & qatarblue thank you will try both
 hi ; be here for a few month now and pile on the pound ; would love a game of footy ; so if you need any number let me know ; also i could get a team together from my company if you would fancy a kick about ( couldnt guarentee the standard though )
 if you need any player let me know ; i want to have a weekly friendly 5-7 aside play weekly in uk until august need to keep my hand in . cheers kirchexpat 5566793 .
 good luck with thw pitch..if you want more players..post another thread . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - he who dares wins < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/125x125 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about li
 anybody know of any football team look for player ? even an expat five aside league would be great . theres quite a few people look for a game so let me know if there anything around doha
 contact the guy below ... last year he be the captain of england team for expatriat football match . maybe he need player for his team ; if not i be sure he will be able to point you to the right direction . tommy westmoreland academy director evolution soccer p.o box 7506 doha ; state of qatar tel : ( 974 ) 4425472 mob : ( 974 ) 5064794 email : evolution @ hotmail.com web : www.evolutionsoccer.eu
 looking for a football field hello ; we be look for one football ground with light where we can play after 6 pm or so . can yo please suggest some field ?
 yeah i have a team of 7 ; ... .. im the one and only
 if any of you guy wan na play.. come to the aspire open ground next to the aspire dome and sport tower . every saturday ; monday and wednesday . you can go any day ; but this be when me n my team go there ... so if you wan na join us.. ur most welcome.. time : 8:30pm you 'll see a lot of ppl play out there.. directions : the road between hyatt plaza and villagio lead you to the ground . theres a check post at the end of the road . dont worry.. click the button and get in.. park anywhere.. and the ground be urs.. cheers.. who say nothing be impossible ? ? i 've be do nothing for month ...
 thanks for that novitta will give him a shout ... .
 like the one use to sign the magna carta or declaration of independence ?
 you mean : cross ; parker ; mont blanc ; ? ? which one you mean ? ? regards ! !
 baldrick ... hahaha probably he meant..famous brand pen..lol
 how famous ? ? ? ?
 notorious ? ! ! ?
 go to villagio you will find there . let me remind you their price be above 1000qr
 bic be famous ; a be pentel ; staedtler ; uni-ball
 where to buy famous pen is there anybody know where to buy famous pen ?
 why dont you post the question properly ? your question be not answerable . do you want the qlers to ask you `` which famous pen '' and in that case my question will be the same a of baldrick ' .
 you can buy my pen for 10 ; 000 qr and it 's very famous in my house .
 i always lose nice pen ; but manage to retain cheap one .
 try in salam plaza if you be look for a highly expensive pen .
 i buy a bic last week . tried to shave and it leave blue streak all over my face : o (
 oh i guess he need pilot ballpen : p or bic.. or maybe panda : )
 yes ; i have to arrange it from my work place before buying ...
 you have to get a paper from your sponsor allow you to buy a car .
 welcome to the country of slave !
 wk ; most probably u need that : ( unfortunately it will take 2 day for u ( hr ) to give u that ... so hold it till noc it be give to you : p cheer
 noc to buy a used car a a buyer ; what be need noc to buy a used car in qatar . be there any body have an idea and experience about this . please.. thank
 it take my sponsor 5 second to sign it ; your sponsor must have a very long signature : (
 but i already go after lp tell me it 's not require : (
 oh ... no ... i hope u wont get a fine for that : (
 thank u for all..so that mine i should be prepare noc for buy a used car..any way i think that be better..
 should be enforce everywhere .
 i have not hear of such thing ! are you sure ?
 detail pls ... never hear any except for traditional one ...
 it be ok but in general rule such a : choose 3-4 color ; skirt only ; no transparent material ; no tight cloth ; must put a jacket ... ..etc .
 bikini 's should be mandatory on good look woman . however ; fat trogs should be force to wear something to cover it all up .
 well plenty of spanish work with thyssenkrupp elevator ; some portugeses and brazilian ; the latino community be well represent in qatar
 any spanish around ? ? ? hello ... i be wonder if there be any spanish club or association ? or any other spaniards out there ? i will appreciate if anyone let me know . ps . mi nombre e natalia ; soy de barcelona ; pero llevo anos viviendo en asia ; en un par de semanas no trasladan a doha y la verdad no conocemos a nadie ... hasta pronto . natalia
 hola el amigo ; cmo e usted ? cmo e todo ? yo de los estados unidos . de dnde e usted ? tome el cuidado y dlo la bienvenida a doha ! ( a menos que you ' ve que vive aqu durante mucho tiempo ) : d
 there be no spanish group here in ql ; but close to it ; you may want to join : http : //www.qatarliving.com/group/latinos-qatar http : //www.qatarliving.com/group/portuguese-in-qatar
 check this website http : //www.ahhqatar.com of amigas de habla hispana
 there be also many colubians and venezuelians here too for qp / qf ; my wife be mexican .
 check out paloma at intercontinental hotel . they have live salsa ; bachatta ; and cumbia music . but go early ... i would say 8-ish to see the band and have room to dance . it get pack later at night but the dj do n't play any latin music . the dj start around 11pm i think ; so before that it 's good . buena suerte !
 bienvenido a qatar . hay unos de varios paises donde hablan espanol aqui . yo aprendi espanol en mexico y tengo que praticarlo . espero que tu y su esposo pueden encontrar gente amable .
 hola ... imagino que ines es tu numbre ; encantada de charlar contigo ; hace do dias que hemos llegado a doha y andamos bastante perdidos . tu cuanto tiempo llevas aqu ? si te apetece mandarme un email esta e mi direccion natalia.marmol @ gmail.com if it easy for you just write in english . hasta pronto . natalia
 hola ... yo encantada de practicar ... aunque tu castellano parece muy correcto . hace dos da que hemos llegado a que estamos todava en fase de asimilacin ... si te apetece charlar ; natalia.marmol @ gmail.com un saludo natalia
 gracias natalia - ahorita estoy en europa viajando pero regreso a doha pronto . te mandare un mensaje cuando estoy en el pais .
 ok ; que pases unas buenas vacaciones natalia
 any spanish around ? ? ? hello ... i be wonder if there be any spanish club or association ? or any other spaniards out there ? i will appreciate if anyone let me know . ps . mi nombre e natalia ; soy de barcelona ; pero llevo anos viviendo en asia ; en un par de semanas no trasladan a doha y la verdad no conocemos a nadie ... hasta pronto . natalia
 hola natalia ; yo casi que tambien soy recin llegada a doha ! . sc de girona ! ! si vols ... parlem . fins aviat ; elena .
 hola elena ... catalana ... jo tambe soc mig gironina ! ! ! quant fa que estas per aqu ? fin aviat ; natalia
 hola mi nombre es angela ; soy argentina y vivo en espaa hace 10 aos ; pero me gustaria saber si se podria ir a trabajar alli ; no se como es el tema de los papeles para los argentinos ; si alguien me informara de algo se lo agradeceria ; tambien mi marido trabaja con los muebles es montador y carpintero si habria alguna posobilidad y yo enfermera ; agradeceria cualquier informacion y que sigan bien todos ; saludos
 si alguien quisiera contestar a mis dudas mi mail es angymujica @ hotmail.com ; gracias
 google map
 tried that but nothing come up . : (
 near al waab
 thanks for the help guy . i drive all over the al waab area and do see the palm city garden compound but that 's not it . this compound be run by betterhomes and accord to their listing on their website this compound be in abu hamour . so i go drive all over that area to no avail as well . i have try contact them a few time but nobody have bother to get back to me . maybe i should try again after ramadan .
 crabbing ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ?
 it not ban crabb ur self out as much a u want ; )
 ban on crab just for everybodys information ; what be the reason for ban crab ? be it because it breeding season or just they dont want .
 we go to al khor ; they confiscate our container and flaslights without say the reasons.where be the place where you can crab at night
 who confiscate your things ? ? ? ? ? did they fined you a well ; or any receipt ? ? ? ?
 just take our plastic container and spear and tell u to go ! ! maybe it be ban for some reason but dont know how to explain ! !
 try al wakra ; it 's a perfect place to enjoy crab .
 when be your last time crab in wakra ; can you please gime me the exact location ?
 who 's get crab ? ewwww ...
 yes ; grab be ban but not crab ! : b
 lol rs !
 see guyz ; how evil mind pick up the thing early - lol
 these folk dont want to spend much effort so instead of crabbing they do grabbing ... first time i heard this : (
 ban on crab just for everybodys information ; what be the reason for ban crab ? be it because it breeding season or just they dont want .
 i wonder wats wrong with crap ? ? : p
 ilaya : yes it happen to u last nite . they wait in their land cruiser ( with government logo ) . they take our spear . they tell u `` no crabbing at nite and in the morning '' . we be puzzle because we have be crab for few time and last nite be the first incident somebody come and take our spear . we be at al-khor sealine .
 why ? ? ? ? it be mike tyson before and now vijainder singh from india ...
 mohamed ali ;
 joe bugner
 everyone know the boxer of the philipines ? manny pacquaio..he be the great boxer now in the world he get 6 title wieghts division..this nov. he will fight again for the philipines . manny pacquiao be the best . watch her fight at youtube . thanks
 rocky balboa ... .from part 4 : ) ) ... ..no seriously now it manny pacman pacquiao .
 and how about the female boxer like mary kom from india and laila ali ( dgtr of mohammed ali ) ? ? ? i would vote for mary kom..
 call qatar pest control services
 find their entrance and plug the hole . best of luck .
 ant problem we be have problem with ant we have only find ant powder which be n't really appropriate.can anyone or do anyone know of any other product here in doha and where to buy them . regard teresa
 have you get any pif paf powder ? just sprinkle on the ant and they will be immobilize in minute . they also have pif paf spray .
 find the hole ; use the powder then the spray and if all fail call pest controll .
 raid ant killer work the best .
 do n't live in ground floor
 toys r us or jarir
 al-rownaq on airport road.i just saw quite a few in different size & colour .
 party kingdom ; just off of the jaidah flyover roundabout ( just before the flyover a you approach from the mannai roundabout ) -- - 10 qr/pack .
 go to al safari hypermarket near to abuhamour ; next to quality supermarket
 go to safari hyper market next to bangladesh school ; abu hamour
 who be gona win today
 can i be a qatari ? it have nothing to do with the 60 % increase
 yes you can ...
 i have find that they do n't respond to email and seem to be focus on very big business want to set up large export detail . my advice be that if you want to do business in china you need an agent that you can trust in china . i would steer well away from order anything on the web from china .
 as i order some car part and i get it on time ; no problem i have also send them in advance a i talk to the person on phone and order via alibaba ; you can go head .
 use ebay ; good
 are you buy the part from alibaba or from some supplier register on alibaba ? ?
 visa be not require for a baby of lessthan 3 month old who will accompany his/her mother . visa will be issue after their arrival on condition that mother passport must carry a valid rp .
 if the age of your new born baby be less than 3 month no need for visa ; but the birth certificate should be there and it should be attest by qatar embassy in your home country . i do this way when i bring my daughter 3 month ago ; she be 40 day old only .
 my friend ; me too just get my baby visa stamp today only . when i check ; i come to know that it be for two [ 2 ] month only . new born baby can travel anywhere with only passport without visa for two [ 2 ] month only . if it exceed even one day ; you have to apply for the sponsorship for the child . this be what recently update . since my baby bear in qatar ; i get it do within two [ 2 ] month and each day penalty will be qrs . 10/- will be charge .
 dont listen to negative comments ; some one misguide me also when i bring my child it is still 3 month ; and i was forced to bring my child within 2 months ; you can bring your child within 90 days and does not require any visa . up on arrival they will give you one month visa and within one month you need to stamp your child 's visa . it is too easy .
 my friend . i suggest you to go personally to immigration dept . and enquire everthing over there . you good try to get information from the typist over there . they be highly informative and updated .
 baby 's visa hi ; my wife will be arrive with the new born baby next month . my wife be have rp upto september end . our child will be 2 month and 6 day old when they arrive . so ; be a visa require for my child ? i have hear that for 3 month no visa be require . so please let me know the rule for such a case . thank you in advance
 a baby bear out of doha if travel within 90 day ( from it country of birth to doha ) from the date of his/her bear ; there be no need of any visa for new born.. the only thing be that both the parent should have valid rp inorder to bring the new born without visa..a baby can get visa on arrival.. make sure that your wife should bring birth certificate alongwith her.. some related link a per your query to give you more idea..thnx http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/1171487 http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/1231842
 the new rule state that - `` if the birth be occur outside the country and father and mother or one of them possess valid residence permit in the country ; the new born baby can enter the country within two year from the date of birth . '' here be a link to the page which state the above : http : //www.moi.gov.qa/site/english/news/2009/12/14/21278.html hope this help .
 if you be terminate by your employer and you have the credit shield option ; then the insurance will pay for your outstanding . ask mashreq bank if you have credit shield
 what most people dont understand be that there be term and condition for credit shield these be some of them that i remember when i be in the bank 1 . regualar payment 2. it take 90 day to get approve in that time you still have to pay if you miss once it doesnt work . 3 . honestly be in the credit card section you will not believe the way you get rip off . 4 . your company have to be list . 5. termination not because of bad behavior or anything thats your fault 7. credit shield be a pain in the as . how i manage my credit card it unbelievable . i have not cancel my credit shield but i have never pay for it too how do i do tht i make my payment before the bill be make a in i make the full payment .
 but ive heard that maybe the bank will take my outstanding balance from my benefit . be that true ?
 i think i have see it in megamart . but i personally bring it straight from canada .
 try to visit the center behind ramada hotel u can maple serup there ! ! !
 you can find maple syrup in megamart ; but it 's not cheap . i do n't know if it will be grade a or grade b ; though . i *think* i 've even see small bottle at carrefour . . .and ditto on the price . do n't worry too much about the grade a v grade b . the grocery store tend to sell grade a because consumer associate `` a '' with be superior to `` b '' . the grade b do have a slightly nice flavor ; but grade a will work just fine in your recipe . like someone else mention ; we bring ours in from the u.s. because it 's much much less expensive . i think i bring at least three or four liter with me ! enjoy : o )
 have you try giant at hyatt plaza . they have an aisle that be full of import good from the usa .
 well ok im gon na try the crntre and then mega mart ; wish i have ask my mom to bring in maple syrup from canada she just visit about 2 month ago . anyways i hope i find good one here . thanks all !
 will i be ban ? or do i have to exit qatar ? ive be here to doha a month ago and i have a business visa . my employer be already process my work visa . if ever i will resign and tranfer to another company ; will i be ban ? or do i have to exit qatar ? what be the problem will i encounter ? please help .
 if you do n't have a residence permit you be not require to obtain an n.o.c . so from what i understand of your question ; you be free to change employer at any time .
 if ever you resign from your exist sponsor ; you will require noc ( no objection certificate ) from your last sponsor to again get a visa . if you resign & exit qatar then for 2 year you can not get a work visa without the previous sponsor noc .
 if you already have kama kalas you need noc to change sponsorshp and ths very dffcult becuse most of sponsorshps even f you fnshng contract duraton they dont lke to gve noc the mportant s f you ddnt go fnger scan no problem go home and change the passport and come by new vsa ( fnger prnt very mportant ) good luck
 i disagree to mohan thomas ; even she resign so long a she 's not resident in qatar ; then she 's free to comeback here in doha in another visa .
 you say `` processing '' so it mean you be not yet sponsor by your current employer . you can resign but bear in mind that you have a limited time to stay here for a business visa or else you have to pay the penalty when your visa expire . so if u will resign ; make sure there be one position ready for you and willing to give sponsorship or even pay the penalty when your visa expire during process . goodluck ! ! !
 you have to do the following action before you go for medical and fingerprint process if you want to change the job ; 1 . resign from present job . 2 . go back to your origin . 3 . come back with new employer . you can not change job here itself ; coz your sponsor be present employer . all the best
 if your employer have pay for your come to doha and your visa he will probably not look too kindly on your take the opportunity to find another job . transferring your employment mean an noc . if your sponsor have n't process your rp but have pay for everything it would be immoral to use this loophole to skip on him . these kind of shenanigan be the reason for the strict law in qatar .
 mandilulur ; fyi my present company be trim down their manpower everyday . most of my co-worker have be give their termination paper ; after that they wo n't care about what happen to you . i do n't want to wait for my turn . i just want to know my option . our situation be not be consider in this case . i have no bad intention towards my company but i 'm just look after my livelihood and survival . thanks for your comment .
 the first issue here you enter in qatar with business visa it be renewable up to 90 day . second ; the company who issue you a business visa it be your sponsor ; if you work visa still on process with the same sponsor you be not allow to look for new sponsor . third ; if you come here and use business visa a your entry document and your purpose be to look for other company ; still you need noc from your sponsor ; i mean from the company who issue you a business visa .
 most pakistani restaurant serve this way .
 restaurant similar to ksa when i be in a restaurant in ksa to eat rice and chicken ; they spread a big plastic sheet on the carpet where i be sit . then rice will be pour and chicken will follow . there be a nice salad and marinated mix of tomato and herb to dip the chicken . i have to eat with my finger because this be more effective than utensil . is there a restaurant similar to what i mention . if there be ; restaurant and location please .
 yes ; the restaurant i 've be be operate by afghans . thanks for your input . anyone who could recommend a restaurant .
 al-katem next to midmak bridge ( right side when go ramada-decor r/a )
 try.. afghan brothers.. they have branch in al-nasr ; rayyan and wakrah
 name of the restaurant be adan they serve mande type of cooking .
 where exactly be it tcom/khanan ?
 never know the penalty be like that ... so after a year ; you have to pay 6 ; 000 + insurance ... wowwww ... well leave the car somewhere else ...
 zanzibar simba r u sure that it gon na be 500/month . what i hear be that it be just qr1500 irrespective of the month .
 no i think the fine be 500 only ; doent matter about the expiration duration .
 thanks aelachi . still wait for response from those who have get 1st hand experience pay fine for expired ishtamara .
 my cousin be have her car expire for 7 month and pay 500 only
 renewing ishtamara after expiry would like to know much would be the fine for not renew the car istamara after expiry . it be expire since 7 month . your valuable information will be greatly appreciated
 aleachi.. be be recently ? ?
 i know also that it only 500 qrs
 the fine be qr500 /year .
 thanks all for your valuable feedback . greatly appreciated . thanks again .
 street no 24 indestarea the best now after 10 minit you finish and wait rebort they work from 6am to 7 pm best time moring
 thank you for your help . no i mean inspection ; to renew the istimara . i think i will go after 1 hour to industrial ; what do you think ? or go to wakra ?
 german inspection in salwa road
 souq waqif .
 i really require a house maid at my home..bt not full time .
 then ; i will be lie on the floor weep ! tsk tsk..
 fresh graduates hi . i be back and i have a new query . = ) i be a fresh graduate from the philippines . i be visit qatar this month . i have ticket ! i be sponsor by my arab stepfather . i just want to know if there be lot of job oppurtunities for me there ( qatar ) . i be a nursing graduate but i also consider to get involve in work that be not really relate to my course . thanks for those who will reply .
 usually ; all the nurse in abroad work for a long time have at least experience work in their country . i have n't see a fresh graduate work right away abroad unless he/she can afford go abroad . now it will all depend on the employer abroad be he/she will be accept work with them . goodluck with your job hunt : d
 your chance will be work in a private clinic . just make sure you be a board passer coz they require license for nurses to work in qatar .
 yes thanx.. well ; if im not really sure i could get a job then i could cancel the tickets.. but qatar be great.. i be not into travel for vacation . lol .
 be you a board passer now ?
 fresh graduate normally go to qataris . you may be able to get a job in a private company that pay really badly and the local do not want . in that case i hope arab step father let you stay with him
 not yet still wait for the result maybe this month..
 for sure at any cow farm here in qatar ! just out of curiosity ; why do you want it ? : )
 thanks for the feedback ; can you tell me where i can find a farm in qatar though ? i ca n't really reveal why i need it ; i just do ... let 's call it business reason for now ; )
 as far a i know al marai produce fresh milk & you can find this i almost every grocery shop . it 's not pasteurize good luck ;
 tareqma ... ... ... ... .. all pack milk sell be pasteurize .
 kickboxing does someone know where i can take kickboxing class for beginner ? i find somewhere but they only offer muay thai . i would appreciate any answer . thanks .
 join reality show big boss great khali be there ..
 quite you morons..he be ask for some info ; help him ... lakes get some info for you ; might be it can help ya ! contact karate center ... behind megamart ; it 's really cool . give them a ring : 4501510 there be also a woman 's only kick-boxing clas at aspire . turbo kickbox at sheraton ... hi mute ; you can try turbo kickbox a cardio non contact kickbox class at the sheraton health club ( qrs.40 for non member ) every tuesday at 7:30 pm . the class be mixed male / female but a lot of fun .
 thanks rizks . is the karate center different from falcon academy ?
 where be the muay thai place ? what sort of kickboxing be you after ? full contact or low leg a well ?
 hello gc60 i be think of full contact . i dunno what log leg be i 'm afraid .
 depends on what feature you use most . 1.phone call and sms 2.camera 3.internet/email 4.chatting most of the smart phone can offer you all of the above ; but my suggestion be dont go in for a smart phone if you be not go to use all of it feature .
 ah thanks for you what be the best ? ? u think iphone be good for everyday life ?
 my phone be good . it make phone call . i have a camera for take photo and a laptop for email .
 ah ok baldwick im not ask to describe your gadget hehe : )
 thanks asif
 what be your phone ? ? i just want to ask what be the best brand of smartphone for you like iphone ; samsung galaxy ; htc and etc . becuase i justwant to purchase i need only suggestion what brand of smartphone to buy and without any problem and give more satisfactory to me a a user thanks for help and godbless .
 iphone 4 ... it 's the other man in my life !
 decide what you want to do with your phone . does it / will do the basic well ? how much do you want to spend ? do you want a true multi medium device do you want email / internet on the go do you want good camera capability ? smart phone these day be capable of do so much ; that many of the feature just do not get use . for example ; how many people use the voice management on their device ? i know the kind of thing i want with my phone ; so decide that first ; then go shopping .
 you havent tell what you plan to do with the phone . that will help you get a good opinion .
 3310-m
 bb .
 motorola dyna tac
 wan na make quick ay ? .. ; emad = >
 these be available in souq assiri or good know a filipino souq . you can also find it in most grocery around doha . silent `` g ''
 `` slimming tea '' be merely a laxative and/or diuretic . you do n't lose calorie or weight . mandi
 look for al diafa slimming tea ... it 's good : )
 slimming tea i cant find any kankura or kankunis herbal tea here in doha ? can you help me where can i find a slimming tea to help my metabolism . cause my metabolism be too slow .
 delete ; not in the mood forr english translation .
 try it ; it 's good pisache .
 where can i buy al diafa slimming tea ? ? ?
 family food center or in any pharmacy
 hello.. did u try al diafa slimming tea ? what be your result ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? / where can i get this slimming tea in qatar ? pls let me know
 go to shop mall . stop eat fast food . and stop surfing too so you wont go for online shopping . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 ok.. see ? ? ? ? around 10 post and certainly still no answer or help to my question .
 fine then stop go to gym . it worthless . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 do not spend beyond your limit . if your earing much expect that you 'll expend more yeah it true . practice to make a list before your go for shopping . thank you and best wish **dont get discourage when thing go beyond your imagination because the great glory in life be not fall but rise everytime you fall . life be what you make it**
 gym ? ! darude.. hummmmm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 tips on save money in qatar so ; i have see that i have be spend money more than usual . so ; i need to cut back on expense ! ! what be your tip on save money here ?
 a work parent ; i have the same problem . first i stop use my credit card . second ; i stop go out with friend to restaurant ; since lebanese be famous on fight over the bill ; and i do n't like to loose a fight : ) third ; we 're try our best to have our food always at home ; cook in the evening for second day lunch/dinner . last and most important : make a list for your weekend shopping and stick to the list . again stick to the list women stick to the god damn list ladiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeesssssssssssssss hope this be helpful yalla !
 stay at home ; watch tv & sleep during weekends.. this be my most effective way.. : d temper be something u cant get rid of ... by loose it ...
 you ca n't save money in qatar . so try to earn more . find any good job with good salary .
 good point lol !
 expense list and i 'll suggest where you could cut back or reduce expense in general o expense on luxury item and 90 % on essential good .
 i think ; if darude begin use the bench press ; probably you will find him choke with the press bar in his throat . < img src= '' http : //goldsilver.com/goldspotgraphxi.png '' graduated from xavier institute for higher learning
 think of it that you will loose your job next month ... surely you will think of spend a single dime !
 suzan ; thank allah i 'm not a coffee person at all . i enjoy my rainbow and lipton when i 'm in the mood . as for saving ; since that be your question . i think it be pretty simple . start from the first day . when you get your salary ; ex . qr10 ; 000 ; set aside qr2 ; 000 in a saving account that you would open . make sure you make it a stand monthly order ; so your brain will function to accept that your salary be only qr8 ; 000 and you would have to manage with that . maybe you would want to start small ; but 20 % of your monthly pay be a great start . then you can increase it when you manage to settle into the saving/budgeting lifestyle . good luck !
 < i > 1 : avoid to purchase such item in advance which you think might be rarely use by you . 2 : try to compare product price with similar product especially buy groceries/household item . 3 : avoid brand product maximum if possible e.g . shirts ; pant ; trouser & shoe which can be purchase with very less price in musheirib street ; souq najada or souq area . 4 : maximum avoid eat from outside . 5 : try your luck by invest your saving as much a you can in doha bank aldana scheme ; ahli bank 's my hassan saving certificates or national bonds-uae . may be you might get lucky and win million riyals . . sadly ; i 'm unable to follow none of them after get married . : p : p : p < /i >
 < i > 1 : give miss call to others and let them call you to save your qtel bills : p : p 2 : spend maximum time in mall to save kahrama bill . : p : p 3 : visit other family or friends house just at dinner/lunch time so you can share their food and save money too : p : p 4 : why to spend money on adsl line when you have free adsl line in park : p : p 5 : take lift from your colleague to & from your house to save patrol money : p : p < /i >
 tips on save money in qatar so ; i have see that i have be spend money more than usual . so ; i need to cut back on expense ! ! what be your tip on save money here ?
 figure out the difference between `` i want this item . '' and `` i need this item . '' that should save some hard earn riyal .
 drive slow and u can save a lot of money here in qatar ! ! ! [ img : //braveatheart.blogspot.com/|desc=|link=none|align=left|width=180|height=135 ]
 yep mozzie a good piece pf advise ! so b4 buying anything else ; always ask yourself first if you need it or just want it ; you see the big difference . it work for me . also do n't go for brand name a they just almost the same a the ordinary but you will save a lot ; unless it 's further reduction . goodluck ! ! ! !
 < i > money ? ... .what be that ? -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- < i > give me some sunshine ... ... give me some rain give me another chance ... i wan na grow up once again < /i >
 stick on ql ... . it free !
 be kinda new here in qatar..but here 's from my financial adviser dr.suze : the basic tip to save money ; be simply to get a grip ; focus on where you be today : what you have ; what you owe..e.g . ; track your spending ; calculate your net worth ; check your credit profile ; cut spending by 10 % ..in short ; do n't live beyond your mean . i understand how you feel..money be tight..you 're busy..tackling money issue be n't fun..but you do n't need all that stress..you can easily pull that off..make 2010 the year to find your financial confidence..take charge and good luck !
 no problem . you can sign in any script in any of your language . but it should not differ from one another it should be same every time you use .
 it should be hindi ... right ?
 dude you first need to learn to spell the language properly . i suggest you sign in malayalam in your passport . it would be easy for you to remember .
 even if you draw a monkey face a your signature it will be accept . it be the consistency and duplication that matter which require a simple yet not so easy to copy sign from you .
 can i sign in hindhi language in passport will it be a ny problem if i sign in hindhi language in indian passport '
 do not do it . one day your pp would be go along with other document like ; bank ; property issue ; pan card ; uid etc . then you may face some difficulty .
 your signature have get nothing to do with language . it could be any design ; mark ; clip art or any thing drawable consistently over and over and difficult to imitate by someone else . it be not expect to be 'read ' but to be 'identified ' .
 molten metal..if it have to be read ; about a quarter of the world population will not be able to sign.i have see a lot of the old and simpler folk go for just one letter like `` aa '' ; '' om '' etc with some dot and decimal put here and there a they like it..some even put cross ; picture ; etc.my maid sign her name `` usha '' beautifully in the passport i take for her . it take me some time later on to realise ; that be the only word she know to `` draw '' ... : - (
 bibo driving at 180km/h in this storm should n't be a problem i just say hit the the pedal
 u can.drive slow and be cautious
 i think u can drive come to doha just be carefull ...
 yeah..you can make it safe if you aint a mallu driver ... no offence guy ... lol but you yourself should have experience what i wan na convey.. : ) well ; if you drive slow ; i dont think it would be that hard ... best of luck..
 i would put off drive ; the accident where the four indians die be due to fog ; now we have limit visability and wind not a good mix . good luck .
 click on your user name ; the click on track then click on the ad select edit ; scroll to the bottom and click on delete . click on delete again ; and it will be go ... .
 it 's simple ; post that add again and write in capital `` sold out '' .. good luck !
 ... ... ... ... .. the car which i say be for sale have be sell out . how do i remove my advert ? ?
 click on your user name to bring up your profile click on track click on the ad you want to delete click on edit ; scroll to the bottom of the ad and click on delete ; then click on delete again . it should be go for good ...
 just go to back that add and go to edit option ... simple
 go to al ahmadani dental clinic in al najma dr norman
 thanks ! can u give me the location and contact no if possible thanks !
 i go to al rabeeh detal center for my wisdom tooth extraction - it go well . you may call at 4423200/4423817 .
 dr. norman al ahmadani dental clinic ground flr ; bldg . 2 ali bin jabor & sons complex tel : 4354455
 sorry ; i ca n't give u the number . you should only go to pilipino doctor . you pilipinos be always think of ur nationality high than others .
 wow such a recommendation in a public forum could not be that appropriate for you ; since everybody have a different skin and different tolerance to the creams component . why do n't you try a skin doctor ( dermatologist ) for an evaluation and a good recommendation for you . regards ! !
 i could n't find a good one in qatar ... ..
 do u know anyone good ? ? ? ?
 could anyone help me to find the perfect crem for my skin ? ? ? i need to buy the best cream for my dry skin ; i 've try so many product but with no result . i 'll be thankful if you help me to have a good skin cream in order to moisturize my skin and get red of the fine line a i be still young ( 26 year old ) ... ... thank you
 hey ... u can go to apollo 's dr.anjum singal or alrafa 's dr.jameel .
 before i prescribe any cream i need to see your skin first !
 it will take time for them to upload in the site . saboor ! no worry ; u will get your point u owe ! -- community guidelines : # 5 stay on topic and do not hijack thread or post off-topic comment ... rms.. ! !
 i have old violation ; and they be all parking ticket ; no speed not red light ( thank god ) but do anyone know where i can find how many point i have accumulate till now ?
 instead of your plate no . try your qatar id..
 when i place my id number it give me that i should go to the moi department ; and list my violation to the id . i guess no one here know the answer . : ( thanks anyway
 go to www.moi.gov.qa then click traffic violations and insert by id number and it will give you how many black point you have
 forgot to mention before click traffic violation you need to enter to the e-services once you get into the website
 send txt message tc ( plate number ) to 2992 > > quick way to find out if you have any traffic violation ... will not contain detail on the point system though ... i guess you 'll have to go to the traffic department for more detail .
 patience be the best medicine !
 problem with ql site - ca n't view photo 's ca n't view photo 's on this site . does anyone know when this problem be go to be fix ? ? thank you
 seem like network now a day get slow huh ?
 i have the same problem too .
 maybe you should update your software like adobe reader or the acrobat reader.. hope it helps..
 sarvanabhavan ... . t.c
 family food center.. food palace near home center musherib..
 it be available in dasman center ; airport road
 thanks everyone ; btw ratheesh where be this sarvanabhavan ?
 hi friend ; a per my experience `` bharath restaurant '' be best ; saravana bhavan also good .
 you need to post it on ql-immigration section . my friend why do n't you simply ask your new employer mandoob..
 there be any possibility to change my sponsership before 2 year . it be very urgent please help me .
 changing sponser hi guy ; how can i change sponser ship . i be work in qatar last 1 year and 7 month with my first compony . now i get new job ; my present company be ready to provide watever paper i require to change my visa . is it possible to transfer visa . for that what i have to do ? ? ? ? ? ? plssssssssssss help very urgent
 ther be any chance to change before 2 year ? ? ? ? ? ?
 ex-employer allows you to change before `` change '' ; you take `` 6-month release letter ' from ex-exployer . and start workign at the second employer ; ; once you finish the 6-month perioe ; you can change .
 al jaidah in the industrial area be the agent ; have spareparts and provide service .
 duhail area opposite landmark mall .
 also ac delco near decoration roundabout ; and there be one ac delco near airport .
 hi it in landmark complex near duheil
 industrial area street 24 tel : 4600000
 thank you md ; rock ; vignale ; nafaz and raynermac for your response ; greatly appreciate .
 i have work visa here in doha ; also engineer ; with chinese passport ; do i need to apply visa for dubai ; or do i have to have some paper from the company where i work ? thanks .
 what about the sponsored wife can she also get visa upon arrival in dubai ? thanks ...
 tourist visa hi me and my wife be plan to visit dubai . i hear that engineer can have visa upon arrival - be it true ? since my wife be under my sponsorship ; can she have the visa upon arrival too ? thanks for your info .
 yes ; wife if accompany by her husband will also get the visa upon arrival .
 since you be hold an engineer 's work permit ; you will surely get the visa on arrival..your passport should be valid for more than 6 month and rp of qatar should be valid for more than 3 month ( i hope i be right with this information ) ..if you be not sure still ; check with the uae embassy..it would be good ... since your wife be on your sponsorship ; she too will get the visa on arrival in uae.. has the visa charge increase now ? i 've hear the last charge be dh 105..can someone please clarify me a well ? ? ? thank a lot in advance .
 tcom ; look like you 're the manager this morning . happy thursday !
 which manager be you talk about . you be post it on socializing not in sg . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 +*+ok boss+*+ < br > < a href= '' http : //www.layoutmygraphics.com '' title= '' new comment code layout graphics '' > < img src= '' http : //i128.photobucket.com/albums/p165/commentgraphics/animated/def92c5af152d9a.gif '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a style='padding:3px ; background : # 121212 ; co
 rudey ; that 's actually kind of tempt at the moment loool : -d
 just make his day and give it to him you meanie tcom i be with you dont you worry about it i will get it for you alright . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 first of all quit this shet of yours with plus an star and you want to be boss around come meet me first . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 na he plan he didnt disappear he be try to choose his assistant in the mmm to be with him < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 tcom doesnt need a wolf to impress you lady he need to get to britexpat for furry pink thong or say borat : d < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 where be the weekend post is our manager still sleep ?
 tcom ; you good speak up because darude be ruin your chance with all his sick idea .
 i '' m not scar of him ; i 'm scared of brit 's pink thong ! ! ! !
 i think tcom will like the spa < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 well if i decide to make him manager ; that will be up to him not youuuuuuuuuuuuu and spas dont allow wolf : -p
 group at spa all around you and you be in center how wonderful it will be and the feeling : p < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 tcom ... still wait for your cv ...
 lol nfh cv already in the mail < pre > [ img ] < /pre >
 so when and where do we meet how about tonight . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 gothic man your avtar be equally annoy a your ++ @ @ + # # * & $ *+ # @ ( ? ? @ @ < a href= '' http : //photobucket.com/images/funny '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i244.photobucket.com/albums/gg12/n-a-t-a-s-j-a/funny/smile.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' smile pictures ; images and photos '' / > < /a >
 gothic man be you a gay rocker ! ?  life be short ... 300 meter before roundabout !
 where be the weekend post is our manager still sleep ?
 i promise to my wife to take her in sealine beach+*+i will keep in touch with you buddy+*+or else if thers some occasion about ql im willing to come ; thers any of it ? +*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*++*+ fs- allow me to your bright side ... < br > < a href= '' http : //www.layoutmygraphics.com '' title= '' new comment code layout graphics '' > < img src= '' http : //i128.photobucket.com/albums/p165/commentgraphics/animated/def92c5af152d9a.gif '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a style='padding:3px ; background : # 121212 ; co
 good morning fs ; you glamour girl
 i 'm on vacation since thursday last week . so apart from that afternoon trip to the salon the other day ; i 'm very much staying indoors the entire week ... so ... wazzup for tonite ? < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-graphics.com '' > < img src= '' http : //dl4.glitter-graphics.net/pub/789/789734c9hsuc4ab6.gif '' width=326 height=163 border=0 > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-works.org '' target= > < /a > < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-graphics.com '' > < i
 good morning to beautiful lady ... . when be our next mmm ? i will try to act sick at work ... : ) < a href= '' http : //photobucket.com/images/funny '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i244.photobucket.com/albums/gg12/n-a-t-a-s-j-a/funny/smile.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' smile pictures ; images and photos '' / > < /a >
 this be just a prelude to the weekend post < pre > [ img ] < /pre >
 +*+its a private farm of mine+*+a integrate farm compose of different animals+*+its locate in abu hamur+*+yeah ! pinoys family worker of mine+*+i dont want to publish what exactly the detail of my place here+*+hope you understand+*+by the way there be a horse race today at race club+*+1 of my horse run for the final event+*+try to come there and watch+*+ < br > < a href= '' http : //www.layoutmygraphics.com '' title= '' new comment code layout graphics '' > < img src= '' http : //i128.photobucket.com/albums/p165/commentgraphics/animated/def92c5af152d9a.gif '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a style='padding:3px ; background : # 121212 ; co
 will really like to see the farm then abu hamour hm strange never saw a farm there . so how about tomorrow 10am . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 +*+ok da+*+lets make this thing happen+*+from now im here in my company office+*+we have meeting at noon time+*+i will check my skeds to my secretary+*+then i will let you know+*+everybody be invited+*+am happy to back here+*+ < br > < a href= '' http : //www.layoutmygraphics.com '' title= '' new comment code layout graphics '' > < img src= '' http : //i128.photobucket.com/albums/p165/commentgraphics/animated/def92c5af152d9a.gif '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a style='padding:3px ; background : # 121212 ; co
 happy weekend everyone ! ! kadaut ...
 hi all ! yes thursday again ! this week have do quickly for me ; for some reason ? ? by next week ; there 'll be another woman drive on the great road of doha ! ! : -o whatever you vividly imagine ; ardently desire ; sincerely believe and enthusiastically act upon ; must inevitably come to pass .
 where be the weekend post is our manager still sleep ?
 yes azi get good thanks < pre > [ img ] < /pre >
 hurrah darling . glad to hear that . xxxxxxxxxxxxxx i will hoist that up the flag pole and see who salute it ! !
 or not ... ... ... ..like work on friday suck !
 what be your nationality ?
 they make cement .
 http : //www.qatcom.com/listings/view/83761/readymix-qatar-llc
 rahul and `` what be it all you need to know ? '' i would recommend to you the follow link in which you will find several reading that be `` a must '' to anyone come to qatar `` for the first time '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/answers/cost-of-living/how-much-should-i-expect-to-save-in-20000-pm http : //www.qatarliving.com/qatar-guide http : //www.qatarliving.com/news/53438/traffic-rules-just-a-click-away http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/100993 http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/171817 these reading will give you an idea ( at least basic idea ) of the city/country . regards ! !
 try toy r u in al sadd but im not sure if they have it ; )
 try souq waqif ...
 plenty of live one here ... . : )
 trolls ; where to purchase them ? i just arrive in qatar last night ; i be inquire where to purchase troll ; they be little doll with colorful stringy hair ; and they can be big and they can be on keychains ; any idea ?
 be look for them as well for my collection . you could try online : )
 you ca n't buy any troll on ql anymore . they 've all be ban !
 sorry baburao ganpat be not for sale rofl : d : d : d
 monkey be pretty hard to find in doha ; but we have one in ql ...
 apply sum effort and try to search..now a day nearly 75 % question post on ql have be discuss before ... visit the below link.. http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/219879
 sadaf ; 75 % of forum topic have be discuss before too . if everyone follow your advice there would be nearly no question or discussion on the board . if repeat question bother you then move along .
 you ca n't . just stop posting and logging in .
 yes ; sadaf seem to be worry about other qlers ... i do n't know what 's his problem . sadaf ; if you do n't like repeated question ; just avoid them and move ahead . why be you try to put your head on the rail ? let all the qlers speak here ... let them find solution for their need . do n't be soooo arrogant ... and mind your own business .
 crap website since 2008 i try to deactivate my account so crap admin team and crap web site ( qatarliving.com )
 buddy ; i get this answer for u give by `` ahmad '' ..take a look : `` send an email to support/-a-t-/qatarliving.com and after some verification your account will be deactivate . '' go to the link below for detail answer . http : //www.qatarlivi ... http : //www.qatarlivi ... http : //www.qatarliving.com/search ? cx=008937172676595728955 % 3a066rihafv68 & cof=forid % 3a11 & q=delete+account & sa=search # 1479
 school questions hi everyone ! i be so happy to find this forum and look forward to hear your thought . we will be move to doha this come summer and be currently weigh our school option . i be look for more information on acs international ; international school of london ; and qatar academy . any information at all about the environment ; quality of academic ; etc at these school would be greatly appreciate . thank you in advance !
 acs seem to be get off on a good footing . qatar academy only take qatari 's in certain year isl be fine none of these school be rank a the best in doha - but the chance of get into those be not good
 thank you very much for your response . pike ; i would be interested in hear more detail if you do n't mind ? simonsmithy ; i be under the impression qatar academy rank very highly ?
 yes qa be very good - but a i say i be not sure whether it take non-qataris in certain year
 thank you ! what would you consider to be the best ranked school in doha ? being from canada we be look for an american or ib curriculum to ease the transition when we return . we will apply to asd ; but a you suggest ; unlikely we will secure spot . so we be leave with acs and isl a i understand it . any others i be miss ? thanks so much ! !
 acs be your best bet after asd . asd and acs be the only school that truly follow an american curriculum . it be new ; but really have get off to a good start . parents be happy there . qa be great but difficult to get in if you be not qatari or work for qf . plus ; the behavior of certain child who go there be rediculous . teachers afraid to discipline kid with a particular last name ; so those kid run wild .
 hi comingtodoha ! any luck with your school search ? i 'm move to doha too from canada and have be search and search . would love any help in this matter ! asd seem like the best option ; be i right ?
 tell them to go ahead . unless you be negligent ; it 's their problem . you do n't take a sledgehammer to it ; do you ? you do n't put something other than motor oil in ; do you ? seems to me you 'd really have to try hard to blow an engine in one day .
 hello ; i would definately discuss with a lawyer . did you sign a contract ? if so there should be a limitation on the amount you have to pay eg 1500 qar in the event of a accident etc . however ; i would n't pay anything yet . if you be drive the car normailly and be not in an accident that be your fault ; then the problem be there . they provide a car that be n't safe or suitable for normal driving . depending on what your lawyer say you could tell them you be go to call the police against them and see what they say . they might back down ( again speak to someone who know if there be any ramification for this ! ) it may also be advantagous to have someone call on your behalf . there be bind to be some lawyer in here who can give you some quick advice . all the best ; if you need anything please pm me . cheers
 its not your fault you dont have to pay . you only pay if you do an accident . if they provide you with a scarp and it break it their it their fault . go to police
 and make sure if you feel that they be go to report you to the police you reach the authority first else their false claim will get you then and you will have to pay then . if the police cant decide in you favor then go for a lawyer .
 do i need a lawyer ? i have rent a car from a local company ; they need the car back for 1 day to get it register . they give me a loaner car to use and the loaner car break down while i be drive it . the car rental company be say it my fault and that i have to pay for a new engine on the loaner car . i refuse to pay and the car rental place say it will send it to the police and the court . i be an american female . any advice ?
 the problem with the replacement car must be serious a the engine brokedown . it maybe by accident then the insurance will take care of it ; but if by negligent then someone to pay.. i think no need to find a lawyer just simple a that .
 let them go to the police or to the court a they say ; it 's good for you since investigation be conduct ; then wait and see the results..if you feel that you 're not satisfy with the outcome ; that 's the time you will seek for a legal opinion ... be sure you will win this case ... it not your liability at all ... .
 5315734
 radhakrishnan 5224365
 5448426 - mr.ansar
 there be lot of night life in manila particularly the one locate in makati city ... .. you can check greenbelt 3 ... lot of fine dining and bar too ... . dont forget to visit the large shopping mall in asia ... the sm mall of asia locate in roxas blvd ; pasay city ... .. to get the complete list of manila 's fine bar and restaurant you can ask the hotel concierge section they will give you the list ... .you can also book a flight to boracay island ... our fine beach there ... ... check this website : http : //www.wowphilippines.com.ph/ hope i can help ... ..
 there be lot of place to visit in manila : makati and nearby area ( ortigas ) : malls greenbelt glorietta sm makati sm megamall shangri la mall robinson 's galleria music/comedy bars vaga verde ( pasig ) klownz ( wilson greenhills ; araneta coliseum cubao quezon city ) zirkoh ( timog quezon city ) laff line ( timog quezo city ) library ( malate manila ) mandarin oriental music bar ( makati ) beach : sbma subic ; zambales - six hour drive ( round trip ) mountain woods hotel - if you 're look for rest and intimacy ; you need to spend a weekend at this secluded and wooded getaway . located in the jungle highland of subic bay ; you will forever remember the romance ; beauty and grandeur of this location . whiterock beach resort - voted most complete subic resort by the csm staff . a subic favorite hotel ! this one have it all : beach activity ; jet skiing ; oceanfront cottage ; elegant restaurant and romantic beach evening . with 115 room of all variety ; your vacation or group event be sure to be a success . herbies mansion - an affordable getaway for filipino and international traveler . located directly on waterfront road ; in subic bay ; a short walk to the boardwalk in the very center of the fun and leisure area . enjoy free wifi wireless internet ; comfortable amenity and a free filipino breakfast . subic park hotel - a great value in a subic bay hotel . this facility feature a remarkable combination of quality hotel environment and price . located along the boardwalk in the freeport ; in the moonbay marina district ; you 'll find many amenity and great affordability ! legenda - as one of the first subic hotel in the zone ; this hotel maintain a reputation of trusted-accommodations and luxury . enjoy an integrated hotel experience with many amenity and upper-class feature . 236 room from standard to luxury suite be available along with a variety of function room for your event . majestic - an affordable ; comfortable hotel in the central business district of subic bay . close enough for a leisurely stroll to the boardwalk or waterfront area . currently be renovate and renew ; this hotel will help you maintain your budget while vacation . lighthouse marina - voted most unique and romantic accommodation in subic by the staff at csm . a unique and classy hotel that stands-out from the rest in subic bay . sitting on a peninsula point directly on the water ; you can dream of lodge in a remote signal lighthouse on the northeast shore of the u.s . this hotel/resort be use a a location spot in the filming of various filipino television program . subic bayfront - want a reasonable room with a view of the beautiful subic sunset and seaboard ? well ; this be the hotel for you and your family . you wo n't be disappoint in the amenity for the price . located directly on waterfront road in the middle of all the action . vista marina - voted best all-around accommodation deal in town by the staff at csm . enjoy seaside/bay front lodge at this open ; airy and beautiful restful spot in subic . listen to the ocean and watch the people walk the boardwalk a you relax by the pool . lots of amenity and feature include a business center ; pay wi-fi internet access and a 100 person meeting room for your event . subic bay yacht club hotel/resort - dramatic ; elegant historic beauty . member and coordinated-guest and event facility only . avail yourself of luxury and high end lodge with a stay at the yacht club . non-members must be sponsor by a member for lodge but event booking open to public .
 there be really too much place in which you can visit and enjoy after your training hour ... hope you will like there ... happy trip..
 my brother work at the embassy of uk at the mckinley hill in manila . hope i can visit him someday ! cheer ; paul
 makati be the heart of the business district and there be lot of thing to do there . look at www.clickthecity.com . i travel back and forth between doha and manila ; so i always use this website to find out the late event ; movie & restaurant etc over there . have a good trip ! which hotel be you stay in ?
 to manila after 2morrow hi i 'm go to manila after 2 day for 4 day trip . my hotel be locate in makati and i 'm go to attend a seminar . can u tell me where shall i go during the day and the night . any beach or something special ?
 please seek assistance of a travel agent at the hotel where you 're stay . discuss your itinerary . this be a must . you have only 4 short day ; you ca n't possibly see a lot with that but with assistance you may at least see some . never venture alone to out of the way places !
 sony
 for videocams ; it sony . they be available at carrefour ; 51 east ; modern home outlet .
 go for sony ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 go for sony ; it be the best one ;
 sony be good.. jvc be also good.. try yourself first.. regards dale
 carrot cake be normally home make . check with someone ( a housewife or a baker ) if they can make it for you .
 dean & deluca ; villaggio .. i think it cost less than a hundred riyal .. and be good
 carrefour bakery section have it . saw it last week .
 carrot cake at the one landmark be awesome . check with them..
 where can i buy carrot cake ? my boss be celebrate his birthday tomorrow and we know he like carrot cake . could anyone guide/direct me to a bakeshop/bakery who make carrot cake ? thanks in advance .
 thanks for the tip ... next question : do they deliver ? ... .hehehe
 updates : bread & bagel carrotcake : dry deans & deluccas : none i 'll stick to the all-time favorite next time : chocolate cakes
 how come you say < b > '' i have read that he be entitle for 6 week . is this correct '' < /b > and then you ask the people to cite the article ... would rather suggest to you to go back to the law and get it right . contact a lawyer for support and guidance or go to the ministry of labour for detail . regards ! ! !
 a i know ; he be entitle to receive payment woth 3 week per every year start from the year the law be effective ( 2003 or 2004 i ca n't remember ) to his last basic salary . yalla !
 i read it in a newspaper article but i could n't find it in the labor law . i hope to see write expressly in the labor law . hope you could help me find it .
 if his contract do n't state anything to the contrary ; i believe at minimum he be entitle to 3 week salary for every year work = in his case 25 year x 3 week = 75 week or about 1.5 year last salary ( not an average or his original pay but his late ) . however ; some employer do state they will pay more than the labour law stipulates . he should check his contract . his employer be not allow to pay less than the minimum the labour law have approve . if in doubt or dispute ; he should contact a reputable lawyer . this be a substantial sum of money . signature line > `` you ca n't fix stupid ''
 check article 54 ; qatar labour law of 2004 ; it 's state there unless that law do n't apply to your mate or have be revise ; nevertheless you get there your required info . < br > ^ imho
 u can get it from any nursery ( near vege market )
 u can buy soil in \carrefour ; home center and also in lulu hypermarkets
 you can get big bag of soil from the plant nursery behind bukhannan furniture ; next to veggie market .
 has any1 upgrade vista to win7 ? i have windows vista home premium edition and would like to upgrade ; not since i want to ; since i be fed-up with vista-mania . if any1 of u guy have upgrade ; i can take your advice while i will upgrade mine . thanks
 you can upgrade from vista to windows7 but you can not upgrade from xp .
 windows 7 ( os ) be good than windows vista ( os ) . if you search on microsoft support website you will find lot of documentation there . i will suggest go head & experience windows 7 ( os ) .
 yes ; you can upgrade directly from vista to windows 7 . no need for clean-install . very easy if you have the installation disk .
 hey u can upgrade to win7 ... bt thr be no much difference bt thr r vry few changes.but it 's good to use win7.install it & put window update on . thn all the driver 'll automatically gt updated whch be need ... . enjoy win7
 win 7 be light then vista ... safetier ; cooler appearance but if you 're often gear up your laptop performance like me ... .do n't use win 7 for now ... wait untill 1 year to come ... still have bunch of problem with compatibility . just use tune up utility or other apps to speed up your vista
 belgium have some fantastic tourist location that would take maximum 4 day to see if you be on a snail 's pace . brussels be an awesome city to visit as well a live . i find it as cosmopolitan a paris or london . other great city to visit be brugge ; ghent and antwerp . if you want a little seaside action you can head up to knocke or blankenberge . from my experience a a foreigner in belgium have be that in the flemish speaking ( not german ; paul ) area be a little less acceptant of difference in the way people look and will definately stare and ogle . but in brussels and it suburb there be none of that what so ever ... and none in the southern french speak area really from my experience . there be quite a few 'halal ' restaurant in brussels . particularly between gare de midi and the arab quarter of the city . they call it the american dream because you have to be asleep to see it ... -- george carlin
 not everyone would love brussels ; it be a bit old ... u will even find them sell those toy make of wood ... and lot of old stuff ... the old mall `` galleries royales st-hubert `` and it be a must see ... . also the grand place isnice specialy if they have the flower festival or whatever it be call . dont forget to enjoy the chocolat and check the dimonds : )
 belgium be near to france than uk.. which be very good . famous for child sex case . they eat frites . they drink beer . following will hopefully summarise belgiuns.. a belgian come into a bar and order a beer . the waiter put a coaster and a beer on the table . ten minute later the belgian order another beer . the waiter bring him the beer and saw that the coaster have disappear . so he fetch another one.. ten minute later ; another beer . and again the coaster be miss . this time the waiter decide he would not lay down another coaster.. - `` hey '' the belgian say ; `` where 's my cookie ? ''
 the official language in belgium be dutch ( or flamish to be accurate ) and french . there be a tiny area where people speak german ; but this be not regard a an official language associate with belgium . if you go to the tourist area 's ( knokke ; brugge ; gent etc ) or the big city like liege ; antwerp or brussels you 'll be fine . in the coutry-side or small village people might make foreigner feel ''unwelcome '' . overall belgium be a lovely place to visit ; great place of sight seeing and amazing food too .
 tks for all the update .  life be change . growth be optional . choose wisely . karen kaiser clark
 how be belgium ? ? ? hi i be interested in know more about belgium . how be the place ? the cost of living compare to other european country . are the people there fluent in english ? the mode of transportation and area of tourist interest ? all relevant suggestion welcome . thank you .
 n 1830 the belgians revolt and declare their independence . prince leopold of saxe-coburg be choose king in 1831 . the dutch invade later that year . after year of negotiation ; an armistice be arrange . the treaty of london ; sign in 1839 ; establish belgium a an independent state ; whose sovereignty and neutrality be guarantee by all of the european power . -- -- -- -- -- - smithsan < a href= '' http : //makemoney.bizoppjunction.com '' rel= '' do follow '' > make money < /a >
 between musaimeer roundabout & shabra roundabout on the middle of this way near the signal & opposite of regency hyper market
 al-ali build wholesale market street opposite to regency signal google coordinate : +25 13 ' 45.92 '' ; +51 29 ' 16.05 phone & fax remain the same
 http : //wikimapia.org/ # lat=25.2522334 & lon=51.4874831 & z=18 & l=0 & m=m & search=aramex or ; you can just call them and tell them to send your package in their landmark pick-up point .
 you need to have the originals attest at the ministry of foreign affairs in delhi .
 lp - for indians we have to attest the originals or the mofa here wont attest them and then can not prosess visa without mofa stamp ... ..
 in other word ; the certificate of an ( indian ) university be not trustworthy . i do not know that .
 tinkerbell ; any document ; irrespective of nationality ; that have be issue outside qatar ; and that need to be use a an official document in qatar must be authenticate .. even my undergraduate diploma from the usa have a qatar embassy stamp on the original document ( not on front of the document ) . qatar embassy in dc will not stamp on anything but the original certificate .
 yes u need to attest ur certificate ... it should be from the ministry of external affairs ( mea ) and qatar embassy in india .
 sanchar deb - i have recently be go thru this process myself in our office for our staff and a colleague of mine - 2 of them in fact - both have only their xeroxed copy attest first by their embassy and then by mofa . one be from pakistan and the other from sri lanka . when another staff from india go for the same procedure he be tell to have the original attest and be also tell that this apply only to indians . now who have the right procedure ? cause each time you get conflict report on this . there doenst seem to be any concrete rule per se . and honestly it be rather tire .
 certificate attestation can any one inform me that electronic engineer ( b.tech ) need to attest his certificate in india before he take any job in qatar . if the person stuided in mumbai where he should attest the copy in delhi or mumbai . if anyone get any idea please inform
 please visit : http : //www.education.nic.in/circulars/archival and http : //www.mea.gov.in/myprint.php ? id=8801 & d=06 & m= & y= & pg= & flg= & searchdata1= you need to get your degree attest first from state secretariat at mumbai ; a you have pass your b.tech from maharashtra . then ; you will have to get it attest by any regional office of ministry of external affairs ; locate in some state capital and in new delhi . upon endorsement by ministry of external affairs ; just go to qatar embassy in india ; and get it ratified . now ; your degree be perfect and you will not face any problem in qatar for any further ratification from indian embassy in qatar and ministry of external affairs of qatar .
 omg !
 oh dear ; do n't say single girl every pervert on ql will be after you now ... ..
 i hope ur inbox have 1 tb memory space ?
 if you dont have a work yet ; how be you come here ?
 we be move to qatar and need some advice/opinions . how be the compass international school ? any opinion ; suggestion . how be the american community school ? any information would help from people who know the school ; have kid there ; or have hear about the school .
 1 . can i change my job once i be in qatar ? - sure why not ... ensure you balance your employer sheet well ; - ) 2 . how safe be it for single girl ? - very safe ; we wo n't physically touch you ; but we will call out to you if you 're walk by yourself and/ or drop a post-it with our digit on it ; - ) 3 . how should i go about the accomodation - get a rich bf ; expect him to do the rest ; - ) 4 . i have complete my chartered accountancy and do not have much experience so what would be the pay i should expect . - do n't expect much ; but work on # 3 5 . are there mean to socialize over the weekend ? - hell yeah ! ! ! doha be the `` party '' capital of the me : -p
 for job ; i think give a serious thought to what simba have say . for safety of single girl ... just be not only careful ; but exteremely careful of married men ( if you feel so ; else no issue ) ... they would come in all form and shape with only one intention . you may test your skill of spot them right on this thread . will come in handy laters .
 go to police first . they ll give the police report & go to his insurance
 any car accident should be reporeted to the police and the police will determine who be at fault . if it be the other party ; it will be indicate in the police report . you will bring the police report to the insurance of the other party ; they will process it ; take a picture of the damage and will ask you to bring your damaged car to their nominated garage . you will not pay anything .
 in case of an accident ... ... .. if my car hit by another car from the back ; it mean mistake be of that car not my car ; so i will go to my insurance company to take expense or his insurance company ? i be confused . thanks in advance
 call 180 ( free of charge ) and ask them to give u the number of the company mention . cal the company on work hour ; and ask the operator for direction .
 drizzle in doha and sticky dust spoil car !
 in wakrah as well ...
 wakrah ? really saeed ? =p
 it 's a little bit strong rain yesterday here in mesaieed up to wakra area ; around 3:30pm .
 not west bay ; kharityat
 yes of course ; it be in my bathroom : p
 what ! a tiger be roam near west bay ? ? how true be it ? because tomorrow my family be plan to go to sheraton park..
 al saad area too ... briefly .
 where do you hear westbay ? in the arabic newspaper it be report to be in khartiyat . rains dont make news here nowadays : ( nor do an escaped tiger : ( maybe the english newspaper reporter be busy scan ql
 did it rain anywhere in qatar yesterday was there any rain in qatar yesterday ?
 gtim.dont worry ..tiger wont stay in one place for a long.tomorrow he will go to wakra ... u enjoy ur weekend in sheraton park .
 tiger move only at night right : (
 its raining here : d
 so it 's true ... my god it 's not a joke ... really dangeous . better stay at home .
 it do rain @ ma home.. in fact it be snow
 good that most of you have enjoy rain yesterday which be a rare see in doha once in a year ... : )
 i think it in new salata now right inside my villa ... hahahaha
 dr.kudsiya beagum at al waab st .
 check this old forum . http : //www.qatarliving.com/qatar-forum/forums/good-ob-gyn-low-back-problems
 hi ; u can visit dr khudsia begum she be a good gynac & ob . her visiting hour be 8am-12noon ; and 4pm-8pm her clinic be close on friday only it be ahead of qatar decoration roundabout villa number 10 her clinic phone number be 4475969
 does anyone know where i can find a good ob-gyne doctor ? i be look for a good female ob gyne doctor . can anyone please help me ? if you know one ... can you please say the hour that i can visit . thanks !
 i advise you go to emadi hospital ... all the doctor be great there ; specially the ob/gyn ; she 's very nice ... go and visit her ; i be sure u will be satisfy . emadi hospital work hour : from 9:00 be till 13:00 and 17:00 till 21:00
 i advise you go to emadi hospital . work hour : from 09:00 be till 13:00 and 17:00 till 21:00 she 's a female ; her name be dr sonia and she 's very nice ... i be surely you will satisfy
 dr.maha very good in doha clinice hospital-al naser st. bt go early always tooo much people .
 hi ; dear a i know ; u should have to take 11 day drive class and then give test after u pas i test u will get licence best of luck
 if u think that u r perfect in drive and no need to take any driving course then u can show your korean license and directly give the test to get qatar drive license.if u dont have any idea about qatar drive then join a short course and try to get it
 i suggest you take a driving class before take driving test . most of the guy i know even have a professional driver license issue from their country of origin fail the driving test ( if you do not attend a driving class ) .
 no driving test be require . it be possible to change south korean driving license . first you need to translate the license into english either with embassy or with a recognize translating agency . then apply with eye test report & standard driving license application along with the translated paper . good luck !
 tnx 2 all
 as-sunnah as saheeha http : //www.islamlecture.com/
 the location marked a a be the gulf helicopter . its on the opposite side of marriot hotel a road be go inside take you directly to the gulf helicopter and parallel to the airport boundry wall .
 location of gulf helicopter hello friend ; how do we find the exact route to gulf helicopters from ras abboud bridge ... i know it be on the road ; after marriott and qatar aviation college . but not sure about the route to reach the offices of thales and gulf helicopters . is it inside the ndia project office ? do we need any other detail / document to reach there ?
 if ur come from the airport arrival area ; turn right at the bridge ; then turn right at the first exit ( service road ) ; just go straight about 100 meter ; a little left and right again and thats it .
 it 's the first right turn ( slip road ) after ra abou aboud bridge . you have to drive quite a bit to get there . use the link below . the map cross-hairs be on the turn off from main road . http : //wikimapia.org/ # lat=25.2832421 & lon=51.5579742 & z=16 & l=0 & m=b get there really early ( before 5:30am ; regardless of your flight time ) if you want to have any chance of find a parking spot .
 pls pm me..how old r they ? i m intrested to see their pictures..
 what kind of kitten ? be that stray cat ? can you attach photo ? because my daughter she want to have one.is there 's any document need ? vipermann
 the responsibility of pet ownership do not cease when it become `` inconvenient '' . why do n't you take them with you ? all you need be the correct paperwork ; a cat carrier or two and the willingness to try . as for put them on the street ; well they should be euthanized rather than have them starve ; get beat up by other cat ; run over by a car ; or torture by some of the misguided child . it 's good you 're try to find them a new home ; and perhaps your circumstance be such that you really ca n't take them with you . but under no circumstance should you put them out to fend for themselves . good luck .
 yesterday when i pass ; it be close
 they be sell fake polo in the villagio ; so would n't be surprise if burberry be do the same .
 flan do n't realize you be such a shopoholic ; ) so how can you tell whether it fake or not ? just curious
 not 100 % sure if it 's the new one ; but there be some copy on the check out at jarir last week
 yes..its be already out . i get it for 195qr and will buy one more soon . they have increase the price !
 is a 2009 entertainer in bookstore ? has anyone purchase an entertainer this year ; the book which be full of 2 for 1 voucher at various sport and retail outlet in qatar . furthermore if you have could you tell me where you purchase it from ; and if it still have 2 for 1 voucher for round of golf at doha golf club in it ? many thanks for your help
 yes ; it be out but it 's hard to find . i get mine in the lagoon supermarket near qatar university .
 hello . i just buy my copy . the day after buy it ; i lose my job so i 'm leave the country soon . the book be completely intact and unregistered . the only thing missing be the cellophane cover that it come wrap in . if anyone want to buy this completely unused 2009 edition for less than 195qr ; then drop me a line soon ; else i 'll gift it to a friend . call me on 612-6817 .
 hi ; you can apply here . but some procedure you need to do . 1. you need to have marriage contract and birth cert . of child with red ribbon from dfa phil . 2. then you need to go bring those document at phil . embassy here in doha for stamp . 3. then after that you need to go to ministry of foreign affairs for stamp . 4 . now ask your company to process family visit visa for your wife and child . hope it help . god bless .
 tnx cokewh ! the red ribbon should also be need stamp from the phil ? or only here in qatar ? what about they 're passport ? a copy only or the original be need ? be that automatic 6 month or renew only monthly when they be here ?
 it 's up to you and your eligibility to either to bring them on family visit visa ( 6 month ) or family/rp visa . if you be eligible ; bring them on family/rp visa right away ; no need 6 month visit visa . i be not sure about phils ; but here to apply you need their passport copy ; copy of your marriage certificate ; copy of your kid ( s ) ' birth certificate ( s ) -/sometimes these document must be attest ; not always though/- ; noc letter from your sponsor ; bank statement . to be eligible to sponsor your family ; you have to meet certain requirement ( position ; salary ; etc . ) make search on ql and you will find a lot of info on this subject
 i get only qar 5 ; 000 basic but have our accomodation plus transpo allowance ( it will total to 7 ; 500 ) . would this enough for rp visa ?
 thanks all for the help ! for the doc ? do i need all the original copy or just a copy ( xerox ) be enough ?
 well im not really sure about the salary certificate thing from company coz other people say that they also require bank statement for 3 or 6 month ensure that your salary cross from 7000 riyal and above . feel free to correct if this wrong . ( company contract + salary certificate + bank statement + house rent /elec/water bill ) thats all i know for now . god bless ... .
 give it to me ... .. : )
 rashidali i 'm glad to know that . thanks for the advice .
 how can i polish my gold jewelry ? without go to jewelry shop ; what 's the best cleaning/polishing solution for gold jewelry ? thanks .
 get ready for winter
 i do n't know what you 're talk about
 go to the traffic department kiosk in city center and settle/pay your park ticket . regards ! !
 that be 1st warn only ... no charge .
 wait till it appear online . you can not pay until it appear online . sometimes ; it take upto a month to appear online .
 just bring the sticker to the moi kiosk in city center and pay the fine ; do n't wait for it to appear in the moi website . and fyi do n't wait for 2 month before you pay the fine ; someone tell me you 'll have additional penalty by then
 so ; some conflict answer there . is it a warning or a parking ticket ? do i pay now or wait ? it 's an oval sticker which be mostly yellow and some black . all the text/writing be in arabic . there be some pen on the sticker which i presume be my licence plate and date etc .
 just forget it ; it happen to me last year ... . i be tell by the mandoub that sometimes the cop get lazzy to enter them in the pc ...
 yes you can
 all you need to do be just drive down the street of doha and you will find score of shop sell only abayas ... ...
 where to buy abaya ? iam new to doha and want to buy abaya ; please tell me the address for any abaya store .
 salam u have to go to muntazh area near alshaheen store there be alot of shop and if u wana buy little cheap price abaya so u have to go to nearvegatable market there be also alot of shop only for abaya i think it ; s call friday market.regards zishan
 yea go down town souq faleh or souq waqif
 hi ! go to aziziya ; the last right turn when u head towards the khalifa stadium signal from villagio . after around 1000 metre ; it 's a whole line of abaya stores ; those that be relocate from the souq n new ones . around 50 plus outlets .
 if you want costly brand one u can go to `` almutahajiba '' if u want normal one get to `` ansar gallery '' both of the above be in `` city center mall ''
 maybe cause for concern if there be testicular swell ; it not 100 % sure if it can or will cause male fertility problem .
 doctors recommend but could not give a guarantee ; but after immunization ; chance be less that you will get sick ... but chance be there on other side a well .
 good health will never be realize unless there be good hygiene ( nothing about the poor lady with mumpy son ) 1. clean drinking water 2. good sanitation 3. good personal hygiene - washing and no spitting that may explain partly why immunised people still get tb
 my neck swell so much ; i look like a cobra ... be n't pleasant ... . `` if you do n't like the heat ... get out of the kitchen ... but stop try to fan the flame before you leave ... it will burn you on the a** a you go through the doorway ... . '' me < strong > visit www.qaws.org
 i wonder if perhaps the vaccine they get a baby be somehow a bad batch and therefore do not adequately protect the child . and i completely disagree with the vaccination be stupid remark . vaccinations have save million of life .
 deedee ; if a baby or child 's immune system be not develop enough to be able to process the antibody inside a vaccination then it be pointless and stupid . now if we be to discuss the meaning of this word vaccinate then what be be do be not vaccination a by definition a vaccination be to inoculate with a vaccine to produce immunity . it be prove that this be not be do . how be it that 20 % of tb case in qatar have be 'vaccinated ' and receive booster ? they call it the american dream because you have to be asleep to see it ... -- george carlin
 how much be the salary for teacher in qatar ? please can you give me some information about the life of a teacher in qatar . how much salary do one get . what usually be the package and offer do the company give ? thanks
 it depend on the school and the level of your education . normally it start from qr 2500/- up to qr 10000/- with respect the scools and subject . but you can take tutions which will help you to sustain here .
 well it all depend on the school you work ; the grade you teach for and your qualification and experience . please be specifice in all your quistions if some one have to help you . the suggestion of take tution be really bad most of the teacher in india seem to be so vague in class and that make kid go for tution . the teacher must be ashamed a they dont do their job sincerly though the parent pay so much a school fee and you teacher dont teach properly to gain student for tution . these teacher must be sack
 depends on the school and your experience if your apply locally but if your apply through agency then expect low .
 if u come from abroad u get over 12 ; 500riyals per month + accommodation include and a free loan for a car but be u get employ a a local teacher ur salary would be between 5 ; 000 to 8 ; 000 per month if u lucky without any benefit or whatsoever
 in it broad sense ; an expatriate be any person living in a different country from where he or she be a citizen . in common usage ; the term be often use in the context of professional send abroad by their company ; as oppose to locally hired staff ( who can also be foreigner ) . the differentiation find in common usage usually come down to socio-economic factor ; so skilled professional work in another country be describe a expatriate ; whereas a manual labourer who have move to another country to earn more money might be label an 'immigrant ' . wiki dixit !
 anyone who be not a local.. by the way ; beware of expat sell dacias .
 expat be also commonly refer to a the infidel so the term expat be use only to soften the advertisement . an advert say `` infidel want to sell car '' would n't bring many response i would imagine .
 ... very good question . commonly ; i see most of qataris by expat they mainly mean westerners ; by resident they mean arabs ; by laborer them mean community from certain country . when the arab `` expat '' hold dual nationality ; they point it out a a privilege . who be i exactly in all of that ; i have no clue . signed by : laborer under the labor law of qatar .
 expat be the one who be neither here nor there ... neither x nor y . he be an 'ex ' for his home country and doesnt get any 'pat ' from his adopted country .
 lol shapil ; good one !
 who be an expat ? hi all ; i notice that people sell their car say that they be `` expat '' or `` expat car '' . well ; what do that mean ? do `` expat car '' bring more value than local folk ' car . i know expat take care of their car and spend money on it . but ; really .. who be an expat . to me .. when i read the advert ; i expect an native english speaker or european . is that so ? or expat be just everyone who be not local ?
 ... britexpat ; ehem ; ehem ... ok ... : )
 an expat mean a westerner . rest of non-locals be just `` miskeen kharjees '' : p
 anyone not local.. this applies in all country .
 hh ... me too ; yaa'ni nafsun shai ( hope i spell it right ) : d
 i hope adam have find his answer : p
 it normally mean it have be look after properly ; not be in x number of accident and no irresponsible youth have crash it a million time cos daddy give him / her a big engine when he turn 16 ( or 18 ) .
 expat = everyone else other than local
 ... .alumnar ; that and the car have n't be use for long and be in good condition ; such a those ad we read title lady driver ... etc .
 translated : looked after . carefully drive by a little lady from newcastle : o )
 translated : looked after . never park in the sun . carefully drive by a nocturnal vampire from transylvania : o )
 who be an expat ? hi all ; i notice that people sell their car say that they be `` expat '' or `` expat car '' . well ; what do that mean ? do `` expat car '' bring more value than local folk ' car . i know expat take care of their car and spend money on it . but ; really .. who be an expat . to me .. when i read the advert ; i expect an native english speaker or european . is that so ? or expat be just everyone who be not local ?
 expat be non locals.. yeah right.. not all of them . to the local ; expat mean westerner . especially ; white folk . if you be an arab with a westerner nationality ; you be still call an arab with a westerner nationality . that be true for indians ; pakis ; ... etc . i think historically ; the british expat who be here in the early day ( 70 ; 80 ) be a true representation of expat . however ; this have change a lot through our the year . i think the term `` expat '' now apply to a wider group of people . anyway ; all expat be welcome a they a they understand the culture . one sad thing though ; be the separation between expat and local . there be a boundary and low engagement . that be why those term will still have a meaning . i be really look for that day ; when this term `` the way it mean today '' disappear !
 ... .adam19988 ; if you read arabic please let me know ; i want to put some terminology in arabic and will translate them ; for the purpose of this discussion .
 anyone who be not qatari ... .
 anyone who do n't smell of mango
 this isnt a very high offer neither a very low offer . if you be marry and have kid you may find it difficult to run with your salary ; specially the housing cost be very high here ; and you will have to bear the school fee as well . you can just have a room for 3500qr . but if you hope to live alone you will be able to save some money . i wish you all the best !
 if you be single you can mange ... if you be with family it not enough . < a href= '' http : //photobucket.com/images/funny '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i244.photobucket.com/albums/gg12/n-a-t-a-s-j-a/funny/smile.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' smile pictures ; images and photos '' / > < /a >
 that 's enough ; unless you like to live a king 's life ...
 for grade 7 it be a good offer .
 thank you all for your thought on this . what do you think the maximum i can save if i move alone ; rent a studio and live a normal life . . . not a fancy one .
 a studio apartment will cost not less that 4.5k.you can not rent a car for qr . 1000 maybe you can buy a very small car for 5 yr loan..the monthly payment will be around 1000 . then your food..etertainments ... utility ... maybe you can save 3000 to 4000/- depend on your lifestyle . < a href= '' http : //photobucket.com/images/funny '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i244.photobucket.com/albums/gg12/n-a-t-a-s-j-a/funny/smile.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' smile pictures ; images and photos '' / > < /a >
 ikea ? ? hey guys.. im move to qatar in a few month . is there an ikea there ? where do people usually get furniture from ?
 i dont live in doha right now . coming frm india . so be there an ikea there ?
 no ikea yet -- although one be expect to open within a year . most place come furnish ; but there be a number of furniture store around -- some boutique ; others general department store type . generally the quality and range of choice be not comparable to europe or america . mattresses be particularly limit .
 thanks frenchieman.. u seem to be quite the man here on ql .
 ikea will open up much long than a year from now . it will be create in doha festival city- a project that have yet to be tender and be only expect to be award by the end of this year .
 be there difft type ? check the supermarket
 look for baking soda in the supermarkets .
 bake soda and bicarbonate of soda be the same thing - it 's like call salt sodium chloride
 avaialable at mega mart
 i do make some research and many people who have bicarbonate of sodium with 2 liter of water to drink every day evacuate the kidney stone ( there be 2 kind the calcium stone and the another but i forget the name..my husband dont have calcium stone ) i try any pharmacie but i didnt find it..
 mega marts you best bet ; carrefour be always run out of the essential ...
 what one thing would do differently ? this be aim at ex-pats already live in qatar . i be move out in early october and would like to ask ; what one thing you would do differently ( if you have your time again ) regard your move ? all help be much appreciate . thanks scott
 to be 10 year young ..
 what a nice way to frame the question . thought provoke too . i have n't be here long enough ; but i do n't regret anything about move here . before come here i look up and read a lot about qatar and the social scene ( ql be a big part of get info ) . even when you come here ; take your time when decide where you want to stay . get a feel of the place and neighborhood . move around in place you might enjoy ( mall ; souq ; katara ; go to the orchestra etc ) ; and choose which hangout you like best enough to be frequent in . is there any particular thing you be concerned about during this move ? all the best .
 i would n't have move !
 training course : i wish that i have make more before come here coz here it be costly and no free time for it .
 nothing to be scar of . qatar be a great place . the only thing i would have do differently be to ask that the company provide family housing ; rather than have to find it myself .
 get any document that you will need ( police clearance certificate ; marriage certificate etc ) attest before you move out . you can do it from here but it 's more hassle . also ; set up any saving account ; isas etc you think you may need a once you 're out here you 'll be unable to set stuff up a an expat . on top of that ; if you have a shipping allowance bring as much a you can - particularly boks ; cds ; dvds etc . i bring just a couple of box and have since have to buy stuff which i have leave in storage at home .
 are you look for the most expensive restaurant with a sea view ?
 fish market ; inter con hotel . nice sea food with live music and on beach . also expensive . valentine day be near that why ?
 top floor of the sheraton have good sea view : o )
 top floor of ritz carton ... ..very nice they import rich wine from france
 which be the best restaurant in doha ? ? i be look for a restaurant with a nice view preferably a sea view and much expensive ? ? ? this be urgent ! thank you
 i be sorry i mean not much expensive i forget to write the not : ) thanx for those who reply but could you answer me again thank u
 go to katara project lwzaar sea food market @ # 27 good restaurant ... ..
 ok ... you 're look for a restaurant with a nice view but i could n't snderstand 'much expensive ' however visit the link below ; http : //www.qatarliving.com/reviews/restaurants
 doha sheraton top floor . good restaurant with sea view
 oasis ( wakrah )
 the vet office carry dog food and dog accessory - qatar veterinary centre and the veterinary surgery
 there be a good petshop off salwa road ; head out of town on salwa road ; at wholesale roundabout turn leave ; take first right and make your way to the last `` u '' of shop ; it be in the centre part sightly to the right of centre .
 thank you ; i 'll check out all those place ( ^ )
 you can buy from qatar veterinary center : http : //www.qatarvet.name.qa/qvc/home.html al zajel center : http : //www.zajelqatar.com/
 its easy.al zajel center have all kind of product for pets.visit there and you will love the stuff they have import . their location be salwa road thursday and friday market ( opp vegetable market and souq waqif- doha ) just follow their fb page for more info www.facebook.com/zajelcenter . thank you .
 pronunciation.. ! why do company recruit phillipinos coz these ppl nvr can spell a email address/phn number properly ? i get 2 cals frm 2 big cmpanies ask me to email my cv.bt both the email adres be wrng when i send email.these ppl canot pronounc english a english they prounc it a philipin language.crap english.. ! !
 rules be a guideline for intelligent people ; but they must be adhere to by idiot ...
 i think re-building here in qatar be scarce ; what brand of a car be this for ?
 yes ; very scarce ; ; ; it for a land rover defender ...
 if you will have difficulty far in look for someone to do the job for you ; then ; you will be leave with a compelling reason to just buy the entire part ; and let sevice center ( alfardan ) install it . although ; this be gon na expensively cost you . you can call 6064785 .
 i understand . try call the contact no . i post . it be a mobile no of person . i think he can help you . good day
 thanks ; ; i phone and we will see how it go ...
 pixel creations 44919797
 welcome to dubaaaaaai ... . . . . . . < strong > friendship ... be not something you learn in school . but if you have n't learn the meaning of friendship ; you really have n't learn anything .
 < a href= '' http : //tinypic.com '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i41.tinypic.com/oi56k2.jpg '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' / '' > . upgrade # 1 : . < b > `` of sleazy singleguys from the uk ... . '' < /b > . . < b > you ca n't have a light without a dark to stick it in ! < /b >
 jezmir i never heard of or see any in dubai . what be they call amd where exactly ? are they expensive ?
 any strip or lap dance club in gcc ? where ? if not i reckon the demand be there and anyone start one would make a fortune . the place would be jam pack with rich sleazy local with their tent pitch !
 u r right pm ... british guy be far far sleezier than khaleejis ... . a strip joint here would be full of foul mouth tattooted rig pig with massive bear gut
 this would be different from a strip joint anywhere else how ... ?
 do brenda take riyals ? tangueray for me a lot of the people who keep a gun at home for safety be the same one who refuse to wear a seat belt
 brenda take anything ! did u check up the mrs miggins pie shoppe review on ql restraunts ? its to die for ! yippee ; yippeee ; it gordons gin for me ! winner gordons gin personal consumption award 2008 hic !
 can say yes and can say no . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 get a room all wall with mirror fix a pole in the middle of the room and then start strip and do pole dance and enjoy yourself . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 if i saw myself do a pole dance i would gouge my eye out a lot of the people who keep a gun at home for safety be the same one who refuse to wear a seat belt
 singleguy ; if you have n't notice it yet it 's an islamic country ... but if you want swinger party ; sex & drug ask the right local ; they quite often host those famous `` private beach party '' .
 patakha ... yea shame to all of them ... : ( dont they know we hav good and innocent people here in ql like u and me ... .. ? ? : ) < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/150x50 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' / > < /a >
 hmm well patakha why be you get so excite if some one be ask about it < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 any strip or lap dance club in gcc ? where ? if not i reckon the demand be there and anyone start one would make a fortune . the place would be jam pack with rich sleazy local with their tent pitch !
 lol edifis ... ... .
 and stoofid question to ask ... ... ... really ? ? ? no respect to the country ; culture and religion ... stoofid ! ! !
 relaaaaxx.pigil .
 hmmmmmmmmmmm it not bad idea but qtel will not allow strip show cause what will qtels income thru net
 anyone who think i be serious with this topic have get to have a screw loose . im not stupid and be n't bear yesterday you know ... .of course i know there be no such thing in the gcc . i put the topic up for a laugh to see what reaction i get .
 'the place would be jam pack with rich sleazy local with their tent pitch ' oh yeah ; i 'm split my side and no longer wonder why you 're single . urk . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-graphics.com '' > < img src= '' http : //dl2.glitter-graphics.net/pub/883/883702c65mynshm7.png '' width=213 height=82 border=0 > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-works.org '' target= >
 cant we all just get along ? ? ? loool..we need the swiss in here ! !
 pm some people like you seem to have it in for me simply because i 'm not afraid to speak my mind . compared to some others on this site i 'm quite a gentleman . i agree with nadinenana ... .why cant people just get along sometimes ?
 thank you pm . you have to send a message to wiki for update : ) http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kool < ! -- html codes by quackit.com -- > < p style= '' text-align : left ; '' > < span style= '' font-family : times ; font-size:10px ; font-style : italic ; font-weight : bold ; text-decoration : none ; text-transform : none ; font-variant : small-caps ; color : ffffff ; background-color:0000ff ; '' >
 you may have set out to have a laugh but why post about a strip club in a forum that be base in a very religious and conservative country ? a bit of a stupid thing to do . no ; there be no strip club here or lap top dancer . there be some very nice bar and restaurant and dive club and people that meet from here . you may want to try do that . i will hoist that up the flag pole and see who salute it ! !
 any strip or lap dance club in gcc ? where ? if not i reckon the demand be there and anyone start one would make a fortune . the place would be jam pack with rich sleazy local with their tent pitch !
 no ; djones ; not sensitive . just reply to a stupid comment generalise about my countryman . he have the right to make stupid comment and i have the right to respond to them . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-graphics.com '' > < img src= '' http : //dl2.glitter-graphics.net/pub/883/883702c65mynshm7.png '' width=213 height=82 border=0 > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.glitter-works.org '' target= >
 thanks for make me laugh . good luck with come over here . i will hoist that up the flag pole and see who salute it ! !
 singleguy ; you seriously need help . you would post such a subject for fun ? put it in the funny - dude !
 i saw gypo yesterday and yes she be a rig pig with curly tail n all ... .. play dart swallow tatoos on her hand naked lady tattoed on her arm dribbling and make sexist remark about boy old enough to be her son and a gut so big she waddle when she walk ... . not all brits be such gentleman a you ! ! !
 thank you ; you have make it so much easy by your last post to say to you ... you come across as be a an idiot and i be sure you will live by that standard . if you ever take a cruise ; i be sure the captain would give you a berth ; and a wide one at that ! good luck dj ; you be go to need it with your attitude . i will hoist that up the flag pole and see who salute it ! !
 heavy pda 's be gross and flagrant drunk be obnoxious so i certainly wo n't miss either of them ! also ; it will probably be nice to see less people in reveal clothing a most of the people who wear them should n't be . : p
 i come across a be an idiot ? i be not the one call name on an anonymous internet website . if you do n't have any helpful advice i suggest you do n't bother respond to my post a it make you come across a rather rude and ugly individual .
 why ca n't we have a strip club in doha . surely we can ! only the stripper will have to be female monkey instead of human . there will be a pole and the monkey can come on the floor wear skimpy outfit fix with velcro ! < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/150x50 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' / > < /a >
 ok love ; ok- walk away laugh x i will hoist that up the flag pole and see who salute it ! !
 equal a match make in heaven . we could have our own ql wedding !
 any strip or lap dance club in gcc ? where ? if not i reckon the demand be there and anyone start one would make a fortune . the place would be jam pack with rich sleazy local with their tent pitch !
 singleguy ..as you suggest that the demand be there to make a fortune.. now off you go and try to find some local sponsor who can help you with your business proposal . there be more chance of ikea come to qatar that a stip joint..lol -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - he who dares wins
 a charity begin at home ; you be single you get my point ; who be the performer at your home ... . post your address ... .
 went to a secret striptease in dubai.. be ok but much more expensive than in the uk..
 happy happy ... .. : ) and yes ; life must go on ... . < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/cd/cd63a363947d0de6cfde384fd149f2b9.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/31994 '' > myhotcomments < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 yes they have full colony of villas and appartments u 'll surely get one
 hi ; you be very lucky ! can you help me find a teaching job or office work at qatar foundation please ; thanks blandz
 they have their separate colony which include ; swim pool ; gym ; etc . good one .
 their housing/other facility be very good ... but if the job be in it ; you have to be cautious before take the offer . they recently ( 8 month back ) outsource their it to eds ; so there be very less 'direct hire ' to qf in it . even if you get hire ; there be no gaurantee that you will have a job a they be very keen on outsourcing and other important factor be the qatarisation . please check with the hr/hiring managers on these anc make sure you have a clear understanding of the road ahead before jump in .
 busy sleep the whole sun up . `` everything in this book may be wrong . '' illusions : the adventures of the reluctant messiah by richard bach
 i have find it rather hit or miss to find good quality dog toys/treats/medicines/dog bed . i have find that i can order many of these on line and have them ship here ( hey ; my dog be worth every riyal ) . http : //www.dog-beds-n-beyond.com/coolaroodogbed.html be a website with a description and picture if you 're interested . shop around ; price do vary . i have also buy frontline and preventic collar to help prevent tick infestation on line . hope this help .
 any info on where to get dog accessory in qatar ? hey i would like to know where in qatar i get some good quality dog accesorries ? incl . dog collar ; dog bed ; bowl ?
 as a continuation of my previous post ; you can find somethings here ; the price can be more expensive ( or less so when you take into consideration shipping etc . ) however ; the bed be something i 've never see here . i like it because it keep the dog off the floor ; easy on the joint - my dog be old ; and cooler a the air circulate around it . it be also easy to clean/wash and dry quickly .
 i think u 'll get some in hyatt plaza ; it not complete but they do sell stuff there at a reasonable price .
 yes ; go to souq wakef ; the place where they sale animal . it a nice shop where you can find everything you need for your dog even cloth .
 very good offer..
 if you convert 45k to us dollar and you earn almost the same amount ; then you better stay in the us . if not ; do n't hesitate ; move to qatar . i have nothing against qatar because the local be now very adaptable people especially if you work in a well seek company . in fact you might probably feel that other arab be more up to themselves . the way people drive there be crazy though . no discipline and road rage be massive ! i have live in qatar for x amount of year so i know what it 's like . i will come back definitely ... my passive lifestyle suit me to be there . good luck !
 you really would have to give u an idea of the job and the company in order for u to answer that . it vary widely with position . mandi
 yes it seem very strange for a us citizen to ask such question in a forum - as mandilulur say without give any idea about the job or his qualification or any detail - this look to be a fake !
 you get approx 12000usd and thats quite suffucient
 ya ; good offer .
 bill gates will only laugh about this salary !
 is it a good salary ? hi there ; i get an offer to move to qatar from us i currently have a good position in a good institution i 've 8 year experience . the offer be around qar45k/month with other perk . how good it be ? how do it in qatar in term of negotiate high salary ? it 's hard to find resource relate to salaries in qatar ... thanks ya 'll
 is this a show off ? or be you dump to know 12000 usd pm be too low ?
 no it not enough do n't come here .
 and will remain in the us .
 not only that ; mandi . the reply also depend on where each individual poster be come from . generally ; for asians ; qr45k be a lot but not so for some others . but qr45k all inclusive ? should also take into account the budget buster esp . accomodation . comingtoqatar - you can do a search on ql for your concern and then ask specific question if you still have n't find what you want to know and you might get some answer . btw ; we 're all volunteer ; not people connect with the govt tourism or anything so pls do n't be discourage if you do n't get proper answer sometimes . i say this co there have be many time in the past where newbie ask question and expect answer and get upset when there be n't any useful one and then blame the ql site owner .
 no it 's not fake ! but i think i get a good idea on how to approach it from this thread and others . it 's a very active forum by the way !
 how much do you think you deserve ?
 20 % more ! i 'm think .
 i think 50 % more would be good : ) a a u citizen u worth gold dude can i be ur friend : )
 check the bank web site.. try for all bank in qatar and please publish the result here.at least we can avoid such nonesense questains in future
 why you be ask here ? instead of ask here why you dont call doha bank directly to know the answer to your question quickly rather than here that you be not sure if some1 will answer you lol .
 doha bank i would like to know how many doha bank branch in qatar ? please if any body know .
 30 ... .
 thnx all for your nonsense answer ...
 c bisdak thnkyou so much ... . gr8 help indeeed .
 clear your question
 number 1 . it must be by credit card . number 2 . if there be no point associate with the ticket then you can pay on line . number 3 . if there be point then you must go to one of the police station ... al rayyan ; madinat khalifa ; airport traffic on tadmur and e ring or one of the kiosk at the airport and i think some of the mall . good luck on # 3 that may only be for car that the sponsor own ; if it be your personal vehicle and your qatar license be be tie to the vehicle then you may be able to pay on line . but company car can not because they do n't know whom to assign the point to .
 parking ticket usually have point ( do n't ask me why ; they just do ) . so you likely need pay in person . since you get it near city center ; easy would be the moi kiosk on the ground floor of cc ; just under carrefour . bring your credit or debit card ( no cash ) and your drivers license .
 i second what `` ukengqatar '' say above ; and will add that the car rental station at the airport tell me that it be only valid for your 1st 7 day upon arrival in qatar .
 please note ; that an international driving license be not a license - it be a translation of the license you currently hold - therefore it be not valid unless you also have your usual license . an international license be issue to simplify thing for the licensing authority in the country you be go to wish to drive in - all it do here in qatar be speed up the conversion process . the 7 day rule applies to certain nationality that be permit to drive here without have to retake their test - providing they enter with a tourist visa - an international license will not help you in this instance ; you must always show your original license - if anyone have find this to be different then i will be surprise . and for those nationality where a re-test be require here ; an il will not help - i believe you just have to grin and bear it and re-take the test again .
 international driving license be valid for 6 month from the date of entry in doha ; provide that you dont have rp here . i 'm here on visit visa and driving on international license . even i have an accident last month and i present my international license with my passport to the police officer at maroor traffic police ; and they accept it . so ; do n't worry and go ahead .
 thanks for the information ... .highly appreciated..
 is international driver 's license valid here in doha ? is anybody tried to use international driver 's license here in doha ? or do we need to take a half course of drive lesson to get a driver 's license ?
 you can use it until you get your id after it useless ... good luck
 definitely ... 180 .
 dial 180
 just one difference ... .jaguars in this country dont come with indicators & side mirrors .
 lol khattak ... and no fuel tank ... . : )
 rizk do they have tyre ?
 is it 's reputation that bad in the country ? ?
 does anyone know who the jaguar dealers be and if they 're any good ?
 between the center and ramada !
 which be the most expensive car ? buy that only if u r soo rich ...
 electronic goods by installment is there any shopping center in doha where laptop and other electronic good be sell by monthly installment ?
 check with jarir ... .i think they give it for post date cheques..
 try 51 east .
 you can get it from jarir book store on installment basis .
 you can check from jarir : )
 try almannai 4600111 salam petrolium 4693261
 it be a typo .i mean jaidah group be stockist/agent .
 have you try the myriad of safety shop on b ring between grand hamad and jaidah tower ?
 nothing require ; need only the old license ; just drop in to any traffic police station ( mathar khadeem ; madeen khalifa ; abu hamour ; souq waqif ) & they will issue it . charge qr.250/=
 i renew my license on this month . only need passportsize photo and q.r.250 . i get the new license immediately . no application form ; eye test ; ... ..
 it be very easy now ; just submit your exist license along with a recent passport size photograph to the traffic dept . counter they will scan and return the photograph and issue you with a new license . the charge be qrs . 250 .
 where can i find ground turkey breast ? where can i find ground turkey breast ? does anyone know ? ? and actually buy it ? !
 thanks ; do you see them ? i dont really want to do if they dont sell it . you know what ; i will call them and ask them . thanks !
 dotn forget to ask the size i mean the weight . : d < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 before in megamart .
 at shoprite ( airport road )
 hi susan ; bought ground turkey breast to make lasagna from ffc at mirgab st once .
 u can get it from turkey v easily ... .. lolzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > wet eyes never lie < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < <
 ahhhh you fix those without permission ; now you need to renew your car registration which would be a problem without remove those ... go to the same shop who fix them ...
 commmmon man be this a question to ask haaaaaaaaaa ask ur neighbour to do it he can help u with razor .
 go to alyal car polishing center
 there be a lot of choice in qatar . both postpaid and prepaid be available . virgin mobile be prepay only . if you be look for the best network ; you want to buy shari ( postpaid ) ; hala ( prepay ) or virgin mobile . all of these give you the qtel network ; which have much good coverage . if you be look for the best experience ( buying ; customer care ; support ; ... ) then go with virgin mobile . if you be look for the low price ; postpaid be cheap if you expect to use the number of minute that come with the qtel or vodafone bundle . if you also expect to use the phone overseas or to call overseas ; then thing get complicate ; because there be so many promotion lately .
 which be well vodafone ; qtel or virgin mobile a consumer ? i 'm a first timer ; and i 'm still think of what carrier should i choose when buy a phone . things that i 'm look after be ; cost of call ; sm ; international ( canada ; manila and singapore ) . are there prepaid and postpaid subscription as well ? what can you say ? muchas gracias ;
 currently ; vodaphone and virgin mobile be new and try to capture market by their attractive rate . but in reality ; their reception quality be very bad indeed because they be build their site yet . so in this situation ; qtel be best or if you want to avail their package ; buy any cheap mobile set and use their sim on that phone for only out go .
 bos vodafone
 thanks guy with all your answer ! cheers !
 hi blues ; subscribe to vodafone now a we have lot of great promotion for our customer : low international call rates plus a chance to win 10 ; 000 qr for each international minute spend local sms for only 10dh local calls for only 39dh free 10 mb mobile internet plus unlimited access to facebook for free blackberry services for only 125qr until oct 31 ... and more ... for more detail ; please visit : www.vodafone.com.qa
 you will be send usually ; by email a pdf copy of the work visa ; when you arrive you show immigration along with your passport ; they will give you a normal arrival stamp in your passport one and also a stamp say you should report to expatriate affair within 1 month . once you arrive ; you will be blood type ; test ; x-rayed and have your finger print take and then once you have pass all of that your sponsor will apply for the resident permit which be a passport size sheet stick in the passport ; which state your occupation and visa type .
 hi ... thanks for the update ... .and i also i havent fill any visa application form i have only sign and send my offer letter ... is that enough for visa processing becuase the consultancy do not ask much only my certificate softcopy they take ... ..is that ok for processing ?
 that 's all they take for me ; you may need some verification of the certificate by the embassy here to confirm they have n't be forge . you sponsor need to apply for a visa for a certain position and nationality before you can get your work permit ; so they will have that and your quals and nationality should match .
 you dont need to sign any visa application form .
 hi thanks for the update both of you ... one more small clarification how many day will it take for the pdf visa to be process ? ? ? ?
 no idea on that
 will visa be provide in a4 sheet hi ; i recently get an offer with malomita through i2sbs . i be ask to submit my passport and they say that i will be receive my visa in a a4 sheet . and after reach qatar only i will be get my visa stamp in passport be that true ? ? please advise ... thanks ; praveen .
 as meteris state ; company will apply for visa . it can take 2-3 day ; but do n't be surprise if it stretch to 2-3 week .
 been read too much harry potter eh !
 they be too big in size ... i cant handle so nah ; never could try their juice ... : )
 huh huh huh ? ? ?
 fathima spicy curry huhu
 pumpkin curry be absolutely delicious.. specially with white rice ! never try pumpkin juice though ... maybe it 's like a melon juice ? never see any available in qatar .
 on-line long-distance pet offer be quite often scams . they will claim the puppy be a very low price or even free and then will charge you up-front for shipping and guess what - no dog !
 be very careful about buy animal unseen . far good to buy from a breeder know to a trust friend who can see the animal for you . puppies ; especially those from puppy farm ; be very stress by transport and liable to succumb to various illness such a parvovirus if not fully and correctly vaccinate . i do not know europuppy but i have hear too many sad story of sick and die import animal . check with the local vet and welfare people to see whether they can make any recommendation . also ; do not forget that there be various condition apply for the transport of animal by air and for import to qatar .
 why do n't you come down to qaws and have a look at all the abandon and homeless animal that need a home instead of buy one from another country . there be far too many dog and puppy in qatar that need a good home . please be advise that if you do get a dog online ; you have to be careful a you might not get the dog you ask for ; it may be sick and you have no idea of the temperment . there be n't anywhere that can guarentee the reputation of europuppy a it be an internet base shop . they do not breed the puppy but find them around europe so you do n't know how they 've be keep and how the mother be treat . you also wo n't be able to get a puppy under the age of 16 week a it be illegal to import a puppy young then that into qatar .
 chelsea ; i be look forward to go to qaws this weekend with my family . i be just check for an option incase i dont get a small breed . because i have view the qaws site and dog in doha site ; all have medium to large dog ( i love big dog ; have two gsds in my hometown but space prblms a discussed b4 ) . i be not yet take a decision ; but check out my option . i just want to know how trustworthy it can be ; bcos the price be too low which give a doubt and just curious to know if someone from qatar have actually try it out .
 has anyone hear about europuppy ? hi ; we be lookig for a dog/puppy for our family and that be when we come to see europuppy in the internet . i would like to know if anyone in qatar have try to buy from europuppy . is it safe to purchase a pet online ? what about the safety of the animal ? the price they have mention seem to be reasonable . please do reply ; if anyone have have a satisfied experience from europuppy .
 i always think that europuppy be maybe a puppy mill because you only get to contact one guy and he 'll get the dog for you and puppy mill dog will only be sick and cost you more then what you pay for ! and not to mention encourage his business you should adopt a dog from qaws they usually have small breed dog every now and then and speaking of which ! i just find a small breed dog couple of hour ago but i really need to search for the owner before give him away ! !
 i have purchase my dog from europuppy . they be safe to deal with . doha vet have deal with them many time for import dog .
 be it a name ? ? ? ?
 if you throw a silver plate on the ground sound will appear like this hence i dont know
 it most properly be chinese ; a the middle name be chinese . many chinese name be also in the thai culture in thai tan meaning be : made or copy peng ; meaning be very expensive or tan peng be : very expensive copy
 jackfrost ; you help me a lot ; so nice of you .
 yes it female birts name too ... .
 do n't worry . uk pension scheme will take care of your 2bhk rent ! !
 its good you choose an area that 's near to your workplace . compound for a single ? ; it good as long a it fit in your budget ( qr.10 ; 000+ ) . for two bedroom apartment it would be around qr.6000+ . easy to find friends once you arrive in here ... count me in too buddy
 it will be very convenient on your part if your accomodation be near to your work place . do n't worry about get friend ; ; ; they be just around the corner ; ; ; just be careful of course ; ; ; rental ; ; vary ; ; ; depend on the location ; ; ; structure of the building ( old/new ) ; ; facility ; ; ; etc ... but usually cost around 4 ; 500 - 7 ; 500 ... good get a fully furnished one . mine here be fully furnish ; ; ; ; 2 br ; 3 toilet ; ; kitchen and living room ; ; ; al sadd area ; ; ; nice building ; ; ; well maintain ; ; people live be all nice also ... it 's 6 ; 000qr..
 where do a single expat living in qatar hi thinging about move to qatar ; be single but be not sure where be the best place for me to live ? should i be consider compunds ? would like to have access to social contact with other expat ; a i be come here on my own . and how much be it a month for a two bedroom apartment ? thanks londoner78
 mr. dracula run the romanian soccer team in doha ...
 as a bachelor ; it would be very convenient and practical for you to get a furnished flat . you can find plenty of them as soon a you get here .
 welcome to doha ! al sadd be good but be sure to choose a place which be traffic free..
 hello there.. i be newbie too . welcome to doha
 not in doha yet ; maybe by the end of the year ; if i accept the job . just do some research . londoner
 hi there ! ! ! here be the contact no . of the tgi ; the owner of the flat where i 'm stay right now . +974 44428454 ; their office be near the jarir bookstore in salwa road . i think right now ; ther eare 2 more vacant flat here . your place of work be just near here ; ; it 's only about 10 minute actually ; traffic be not really that much heavy . you do n't like to be late ; just leave 30 minute before ur time at least u still have enough time to fix and ready urself before u start with ur work . welcome to qatar ! ! ! ! hope u will enjoy ur stay here ! ! ! !
 hi there ! ! ! here be the contact no . of tgi ; the owner of the flat where i 'm stay now . +974 44428454 ; their office be near the jarir bookstore in salwa road . i think there be 2 vacant flat now here . this be fully furnish ; with wifi connection free . your place of work be near the al sadd ; actually it 's only about 10 minute drive . the traffic be not really that heavy it 's only because of the traffic light . if u do n't like to be late ; leave 30 minute before ur time of work ; ; at least u still have enough time to prepare urself before u start with ur work . welcome to qatar ! ! ! hope u will enjoy ur stay here ! ! !
 yeah it common here espeically during summer ! i dont know about the frequency coz i be not doin it ... .lol preventative measure be to stay at home ; wear a dust mask or something whenever u go out or it alwayz to stay indoors . cheers !
 sandstorm ... hmmmm interest topic here ...
 frequency do n't know ... ... ... preventive measure be stay at home & relax ... ... ... .
 sand storm i 've hear that sand storm be pretty common in qatar . how frequent be they and what be the necessary preventive action to be take ? do advise . thanks ! = )
 it seem your not go out anywhere when it 's rain with sand . may i suggest you go out and enjoy the dust ... cheer ! by the way ; where in qatar be stay ?
 i 'll be arrive in qatar in april 2012 and will be stay at the al sadd area.. does difference area have different intensity of sand storm ? ( i be wonder why you ask )
 there be sand storm today in qatar so enjoy and have a nice experience ; dont worry in summer these will be more frequetly .
 kiasi ? : p
 i do n't think colt 's skin would suffice what do u think ?
 my skin cost a life : d kaput check with dwell in landmark . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 fs i 'll bet my life on it convince da for me : - )
 you good watch out stay away or me will crush your bone : p < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 and check with the admins of ql also if they can change this funny user id of yours . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 ssssssshhhhhhhh nobody will bother to decipher ... ..just be quite
 snuggies do you know of a store where i can buy one ?
 order one more for her xxxl size . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 be talk about size not your dirty work . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 ohhh i want a snuggie ! ugly ; but so comfy : d but not the wolf kind
 i think you have enough skin that i can make snuggie out of you for me . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 you cant tell every one that you be sit in my next office . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 oh da ; always have to be center of attention . now ; where to find this snuggie .
 come come try me go get your blanket and make one < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 buy online ... for 20 usd u 'll get well one ... < b > '' bring it on dude ! ! ! `` < /b >
 looks like your bum size be big then xxl size that you wear 3 thong . and nightwalker witch the steel blanket with pin be for you . oh plus me dont have a lappy in my office and there be a surveillance cam above my head . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 look at your size my dear friend i think my wool short will be enough for you a snuggies . : p < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 snuggies do you know of a store where i can buy one ?
 ha darude i guess your bos know who to watch ; or maybe he be try to see your lappy too
 if you find any in dwell buy one for me looong size not xxl or xl size like yours . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 darude the thong expert ! why do you know so much about everyones panty ? are you a thong thief ? ?
 my treat da but we must all wear it while haign tea in corniche ... lolz khanan what color would you like ?
 < i > darude ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! < /i > < a href= '' http : //s903.photobucket.com/albums/ac239/deepinmyheart1224/ ? action=view & current=f1.jpg '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i903.photobucket.com/albums/ac239/deepinmyheart1224/f1.jpg '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' cuti3 '' > < /a >
 too much movement be not good cat do walk down and look up to snatch some time . : d < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 mr darude you be jealous of my office ; since i have the corner window and you stick open when your back to the door where all can see your thong pattern and design
 guess you have the experience < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 yea they do love it and like to see it every time the pas by or just stand behind me all the time talk to me : p < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 is it true khannan ? did some kitty from ql snatch your freedom jewel ? lolzzz ! ! ! < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 snuggies do you know of a store where i can buy one ?
 ah you skinnny bum . for small order only britexpat : p < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 the best option be a fur line thong .. snug a toast ...
 i 'll see to it that if we go to corniche it 's gon na be a windy day ... .i do n't want to miss a thing . colt too much freedom of movement will endanger u.i do n't wan na lose u yet to some cat
 no mr. da they like to stand behind you and look down at your fashion show ! i 'm sure da the tailor also do custom measurement and fitting ? male only right ?
 can these cat jewel thief be hire out ? can i put a contract out on a certain wolf ?
 you guy be one damn hijacker . mod ban all of them leave kaput only : d < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 tomorrow i get plan already ; - ) .. let 's make it for one day in the new year < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 oh now mr. darude be scaredy tattle to mod ! !
 saturday night every one bring your thong in your purse . so khanan can check them colt size them and i tailor them < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 my vital stat be 38-33-48 : p and khanan 's 50-50-50 like a sack of potato < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 snuggies do you know of a store where i can buy one ?
 sheesha with a wolf ? ? how undignified ; i do n't know they let you out of the zoo for field trip !
 make sure they 're wash or darude may go wild with the scent ... hahaha ! ! ! < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 nightwalker yea sheesha with wolf and colt buzz off you stink more than those panty and kaput snuggies yea so that mean next december . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 he be a liar because we didnt invite him we both be wait for you there . no contact so just wait . now where be the fb invitation < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 recently he stink so much that he disappear . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 ha da the panty sniff expert mr potato head khanan snuggie dating ?
 da how could i invite someone without an id ?
 do n't think you 'll get them here ; but why not try jc penney at landmark or any of the shop in villagio . they have a wide selection of winter material .
 good one ... all you have to do be search for `` the big bad mean wolf '' ... you would get only 1 search result ... kaput ! < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 later to landmark and see if they have snuggies for male of my size long one : d < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 snuggies do you know of a store where i can buy one ?
 yea and if you dont like it you can make it 60-50-80 : d < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 well darudey they do have baby clothes shop there ; so you should find your xxs size no problem
 recently buy a string with golden chain on front : d < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 i once have a male thong the one use by the male stripper ; with a hole in the front ... it be whack ! < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 oh khanan just call their home boss and they will be put in time out and restrict of all movement what darudey ; no pearl thong ? and colty ; what happen to your holey thong ; do it get wear out ?
 and where be it now colt ? do u happen to get a pic ? lolzzzzz
 he wear that in summer to keep the movement cool and not hot sweat . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 sniff in and make it it house . poor you where do you buy it let me go giveit a try on khanan . < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 u should not wear that again it be against the law `` freedom of movement ''
 someone gift it to me on my 21st ... : -d brings back memory kaput - you do n't wan na see a pic ; trust me ! ! ! : -p < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 snuggies do you know of a store where i can buy one ?
 have tell him many time dont play with the law or you will lose your freedom to the law . deep get back with 40-30-48 bye < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 that be back in the day ... now i abide by the law and it keep me cool ... : -p < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 colt ur most welcome to send it ; i 'll regret later : - )
 do n't hold your breath on that one ; it will come soon.. and expect the unexpected.. : -p < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 still ... ..tapping the table ; - )
 you will get it in about an hour ; i wish we have the smiley 's like we have on yahoo chat ... that wud be fun : -p < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 later tater ... ima get off here and head home ; like always ; t'was a pleasure talk to yall ; especially you kaput ... ; - ) ... i can hear the wolf growl already ... grrrr ... have a fun even yall ; be safe ... wrap ! : -p < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2e/2ed9c2cd5daf0a03c79c7e020c023fa7.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/2905 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm bring jd along ; the glass be ready
 kinda freezing here where be my coffee ? ? < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 better check with the traffic police ( better meet the captain ) . you may get the car into qatar but it might not register for road usage in qatar . do n't quote me on this .
 shipping of car/vehicle to qatar i be buy a second hand car from cyprus and they be ship it here with the police clearance from cyprus . i just would like to know whether i need something from custom ; moi or any government facility here before i can register it to my name . thanks
 better than call police ; please call the qatari customs ; i have experience in that already . if the car be old than xx number of year ; they will not allow it .
 thanks for the reply . it be 2010 model ; so i presume it 's only 3 year or below .
 hi ; pay attention to import ; these be most likely scam ; usual blather about move ; money wrong side of the road ... ... ... ... ..if it too good to be true ; generally it isnt ; best of luck d
 thanks syed and daniel . exactly same wording /she use in her post .
 avoid this ; there be at least two ad in ql for car like this ; for the fun of it i keep email the guy who use a western expat name ; when he say the car be not register in cyprus i.e . have no title i know it be a scam . also their insistence on use the shipping company be another tell ; i 've bring car from the us before and the process be straight forward ; but unless you have the title then good luck . be careful people ...
 not sure . but if youre go thru an agency in the philippines like what happen to me ; it will take at least 1 month of wait . but in doha ; base on the processing of our pro in the office ; it only take a week or less . even for visa renewal ; in one week i can have the original i.d . : )
 also ; before you get the visa in doha . if you 're in doha already ; if you have go to blood testing and finger printing ; that 's the only time you can have your visa . : )
 authentication in the embassy usually take a week ; do thru dhl.. im not sure though if it 's the same with work visa ; coz in our case ; it be a visit visa and it only take a week.. < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingcheese.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //i153.photobucket.com/albums/s235/revmyspace2/graphics/misc/smileys/smiley '' title= '' myspace comments '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingchees
 yah ; it take a week only..same with mjamille : )
 yup i pay 750 peso for the authentication in the embassy but i do n't know if in 750 peso already include my dhl courier fee ... thanks for all the reply.. i hope to work there as soon a possible but i remember it be already ramadan next week .. maybe it hard to work there in ramadan i know god have a good plan for me and my family ...
 visa stamp how long be the process ? ? ? my visa be issue and the agency tell me it will be go to authenticate it in the embassy here in the philippine how long be the process ? ? ? after my visa be stamp what will be the next process ? ? thanks
 so maybe i have to wait for almost 1 month before i will fly to qatar ? ? maybe after ramadan ? ? i know god have a good plan for me and my family ...
 authentication in the qatar embassy of your visa would only take a week ... mabilis na lang yan ... . after which it depend kung gaano kabilis ang company mo dito sa qatar mag-book ng flight for you ! ! ! then ... .welcome to qatar ...
 super humid dito lately ! kakaligo mo lang ; malagkit na skin mo ulit : ) yun lang . pero if your company will process your plane ticket dito tapos ramadan pa start on the 22nd ; baka tamarin na sila . lol . pero nun dumating ako dito oct. 9 eh ; on-going ramadan pa at agency rin ako . yun ticket naman eh e-ticket na rin lahat . mga 1 day process lang yun ng company mo . tapos print mo lang ; ayos na . : d sana hindi buwaya agency mo at baka humingi ng process fee tapos placement fee pa sa unang sweldo mo sa doha . tsk tsk . nag pdos ka na ba ?
 saka na daw po pdos pagdating nung authentication from embassy e ... .sana nga po company job ako e kaso po personal driver po ako kaya sa bahay at office lang nung sponsor ko ang ruta ko huhuhu ... .me babayran na po ako dito sa pinas poea process then yung medical ko then 1 month salary for placement fee sana nga po wala na kong bayaran diyan ... i know god have a good plan for me and my family ...
 harharharharhar ... akala ng mga driver sa pinas madali makapasa sa drive test/exam kung hindi mag-aral harharharharhar ... subukan nyo nalang para malaman nyo sinasabi ko bwehehehehehe
 yah sir i know that it very hard to get a license there in qatar ... and i be already search that and still keep ask guideline and tip thats why im very nervous regard get driver license there in qatar ... hindi ko naman po nasabing madali kumuha ... .naicomment ko lang po na ang sabi po e di na ko mag aaral dahil me license nako pero sa totoo lang po gusto kong mag aral at kung gagastusan lang po ako ng employer ko sa pag aaral ng drive e lubos ko pong ikakatuwa ... and i keep on pray for that anyway thanks for all your comment ... i know god have a good plan for me and my family ...
 hey hey . enough of these argument . qatar do n't honor philippine driver 's license and not automatically have qatar driver 's license . although ; you will still take 12 day drive lesson and to pay at least qr 1 ; 150 for the lesson . note : sorry admin and mod for not ispokening in inglish : )
 hello ; please help ; need to know what be the requirement or document need by qatar embassy here in the philippine to stamp my visa..thank you
 hi to all kababayan.. i be a direct hire and i be wait for my visa and employment contract from my employer in qatar . what will be the next thing to do when i receive my work visa ? can i proceed to poea while my visa be still in authenticate process ? please help me ; i be new in processing a a direct hire..
 boinkz ; you go to medical angelus medical centre . show them your visa copy . pay the medical fee . get the result after 2 - 3 working day . get a nbi clearance . your original passport your original medical fit to work nbi clearance for abroad visa copy dhl fee go to dhl any office the one that have wwwexpress blue sign . give them all the above document + the fee . it will take 3 day you can tract it on their wed site . then you can go to poea . for sure ; to get the present news call any dhl office and ask what it presently require for the kind of visa you be hold .
 visa stamp how long be the process ? ? ? my visa be issue and the agency tell me it will be go to authenticate it in the embassy here in the philippine how long be the process ? ? ? after my visa be stamp what will be the next process ? ? thanks
 may uae driving license po ako ; pwede ko b un magamit jan s qatar ?
 hi nany ; i strongly recommend step one international school . it be a british school . my kid be in the kindergarten section . i be so happy with it . for more info call 4666717
 over there on your screen look at qatar guide in blue . click on the second line -- qatar school database . lots of school list with their contact info . good luck . unfortunately the canadian school be not highly regard .
 hi ; the best british school in doha be montessori british school . good luck
 so far we be happy with newton international school in westbay !
 there 's doha montessori british school ; newton british school ; .. hmm what else ; .. i hear al maha english school be open very soon ...
 i go step one international school it be close to me in al hilal area . they be so kind and they offer me an opening discount 25 % . in fact my company will cover all my kid tuition fee and the registration fee but i be surprise when they tell me that i should benefit from their discount and they will offer me the additional fee such a book ; bus ; uniform ; activity and others . they wish to celebrate their opening with all the parent for the academic year 2010-2011 . really i appreciate their cooperative behavior with the parent . thank you looklili
 your embassy ? you need to prove that your certificate be real ; not fake . so i think your embassy have to approve it .
 presumably you 're indian . the indian cultural centre will do that for you as well ; if you 're worried about the long queue at the indian embassy .
 but it depend upon if you 've get it notarized and attest in india already . only then will the icc do it here . they will get the cid approval as well . you will only need to go to the mofa ; which be behind al bustan hotel and get it attest .
 certificate attestation hi.. can any one tell me which agency be do certificate attestation.. in my company thet be ask for attesed college certificate
 never heard of any company demand for attested document !
 : ( < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/150x50 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' / > < /a >
 dont go to doctor eat esapghol husk .
 i be there but hamad doctors tell me that i hav to go to any other clinic when they refer to hamad then only i could see a gastroentrologist doctor . is it true.. ? pls tell me how to see a gastroentrologost doctor in hamad ; who be the best ?
 you can buy an noc ?
 of visa allowance give to your current sponsor/employer by the ministry . you be plan to buy your contract from your sponsor so they could give you the noc and look for a secretarial job ? your job must be pay so well ...
 buy any document be illegal . if your current sponsor be willing to provide a noc ; you can cancel your rp ; exit qatar ; and come back on the new work visa with the new job title ; provide by the new sponsor .
 when we have housewife through the influence of their husband or others work a customer service representative ; sale representative ; etc in bank ; company ; malls and others then i dont see why you can not change your profession provide your sponsor give you a noc ( and thats what we call the magic document )
 yes dear you can change your job title .
 you wo n't fully enjoy a swing unless you raise your foot from the ground ... ...
 toys for kitten..suggestion require hello friends ; i want to buy some toy for my small kitten . i saw few toy at qatar vet center but i find them very costly . can anyone suggest me the place from where to buy ? also please suggest what i can buy for her to make her playful . thanks ; hemali
 yeah ; it be a problem for me too ; until last summer when i go back home for vacation . i bring from there some stuff for my kitty ; all for $ 1 : ) i would love to share it with you ; but some of them be give away right upon my arrival back in doha ; some of them get lose ; some of them be not in a good condition . currently my cookie be play with the christmas tree ball ; and she be sooo happy with them ! she have empty half of my christmas tree ( help me to unload it for pack till the next christmas ) ; all the bottom of the tree be balls-free.. you can find ball everywhere : in the kitchen ; under the bed ; behind the couch ; in my shoes.. she love roll them all over..
 thanks for reply ... friends ; i need more suggestion and place detail .
 cats always love play with a piece of string - you keep hold of one end a wiggle it across the flor .
 hemal ... i agree with mandi . you shuld collect the small plastic paper ; which be cover on the cooky ... make it in different shape ... . atach to a stich with a pin ... ... . and show to the kitten see the fun.. i have lot of video in my camera kitten play the shape and the mild noice of plastic paper ; really arouse the scientist within the kitten ... . ! ! ! ..lol
 please do not leave your kitten alone with any toy that have string on them and never give them toy that be small enough to fit in their mouth . the best cheap toy for kitten be : ping pong balls ( qr15 for 30 at carrefour ) empty toilet roll tubes balls of tin foil childrens wind up toys ( they love to chase them ! ! ) laser beeem ( bee shape laser pen cat toy qr30 from shoprite ) socks
 thanks to all of you for the answer ...
 you could try al-ahli hospital ... but not sure if they hire out if thats what you be look for ? if you be want to organise pick up and drop off then speak to them .
 i think the best one be the one that come when u call 999 ... .
 sorry ... but if you be ask for a private ambulance ... to compare with ... . only one ambulance will come to you incase of any trouble . only hamad hosp ambulance ; they have a complete equipment to take of you . ... there be also qatar red crescent . who work not for 24/7 duty . but they will be available in some event ... . like sport event ... . and of course they be visible in sealine resort every weekend . ... some other clinic or hospital have a ambulance but they do n't cater a call from 999. if i 'm not mistake ... only for a private call . good luck
 +1 for samya
 what be the best ambulance service in doha ? what be the best ambulance service in doha ? what be their contact number for an emergency ?
 we do n't have private `` ambulance services '' in qatar ... in case of emergency ; just call 999 ; and they 'll dispatch hmc 's ambulance .
 hmc.. 999
 i guess ; there be private ambulance with american hospital ; doha clinic hospitals etc ... but i dont think any can reach you as fast a hmc 's . moreover ; i doubt ; no other ambulance be allow to run thur the red traffic light other than hmcs ambulance . emergency number be 999
 ... .well just for your info . if qatar red crescent have a priority patient . they can run thru the red light also . but that be case to case basis . ... qatar red crescent ambulance be a big help for the hamad hosp . ; but if a house to hospital patient ... . i guess the hmc will be the right to call . good luck
 the difference - the price **** aal izz well****
 where they come from and price ... ... ... ... ... may be
 ok from where can i buy fake ed hardy ?
 you can buy near sofital it cost like 1 cap 25 qr
 why u r ask the difference between the original and fake if u will just buy fake ed hardy ? anyway it 's obviously the price and the quality be their difference ... the fake one be a bit cheap than the original but the quality of the original be well than the fake one ...
 try the lady dermatologist from doha clinic hospital or from al-ahli hospital
 lady dermatologist in doha hi . i 'm look for a lady dermatologist in doha . do you know somebody ? thanks !
 thank you . do you have any idea on how much be they charge ?
 dr. reenu 's clinic
 dr. anjum segal be a lady dermatologist in apollo clinic .
 thank you so much for the info .
 there be two good lady dermatologist at doha clinic-al-sadd area . a ) dr shobna handa and b ) dr preetha nair
 trying to quit : -/ when you be court a nice girl an hour seem like a second . when you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seem like an hour . that 's relativity . - albert einstein
 none
 could you pls tell me where it be ? nice comment bro
 it very good place to learn arabic ; you will able to speak just in a mater of few day .
 look for the same fast track class very badly but so far nothing be be find ; in case if you come a cross any of the method or any class please msg me . osama guy be help a lot by update meaning of the word everyday but need more practice with a professional . all the best and keep me update ! ! ! ! !
 fast track spoken arabic could anybody pls tell me how to speak arabic in a fast way thanks
 no he be regular without fail ; i follow him on everyday . help me a lot . i guess till u find a solution follow him or i have few save i cam send you if you like .
 i heard they do class open to whoever be interested to lear arabic..it be in a place call fanar near souq waqif..it have a fancy look building..
 is it the islamic center near sauq waqif ; i try reach them but no response ; any way thanks for the info ! ! ! !
 share an accommodation with a native arab person ; you will get to speak it fast .
 when be they here ?
 from tomorrow on two session per day at aspire
 hi everybody ; someone know at what time they have train session for today and tomorrow ? thank you alex
 training timing start from tomorrow 11:00 to 13:00 18:00 to 20:00
 thank you kralibo for the info . will check it out probably tumoro ; and if what you say be true i might come back again in the next few day with jersey and stuff to be sign : )
 big fan ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! super ecstatic about their arrival and their match in al khor stadium against al-wakrah . definitely go to watch . are you sure there be not entrance fee ? i 'm a bit lose a there be n't any publicity or whatsoever about the friendly match . what time for sure ?
 bayern munich aspire training anyone know if they will be hold an open training session ; like man utd do last year ?
 i 've receive further info from bayern munich website ; a i email them about the training as well . the schedule for the remaining day be a follow : wednesday : 1100 ; 1800 thursday : 1800 friday : 1100 seems like no double training session on thurs and friday ; so take note of the time if you be make plan .
 do you mean ? ? wednesday : 11 ; 18 thursday : 18 friday : 11
 do any of you know what time be the friendly match between them vs al wakrah at the al khor stadium ? ?
 dears ; can anybody give me the location of the friendly match and the time ? ? ? where be al khor stadium ? ? ? cheers !
 al khor stadium be in al khor city ; 40-ish km from doha . the match be at 7 : )
 is anyone go for the match tomo at al khor ? plz pm me a i would like to join too.. i have no conveyance to go to al khor : (
 kam ? kam ? fluz ! fluz ! he will understand that ; when at the same time you point at the part you want to have .
 and what do that mean ?
 the man will know ; just try it .
 md be that pronunced kam kam or cum cum ? -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - he who dares wins
 buying car part from scrapyard . hi . does anybody know if it be possible to buy car part from the scrapyard locate at your right hand when you drive from mesaieed to al wakra ? i have be down there a couple of time ; but everytime i meet a man who doesn`t speak english .
 these scrap seller be load with great stuff for your car if you look into their scrap well enough . i 've be told they can even get you a complete car for a very cheap price ! ********************************* < b > < i > obstacles be what you see when you set your eye off the goal .
 for whole vehicle check with any insurance company staff
 would you tell me the exact location of the scrap yard you be tell in masseid ?
 be he still do dentistry ... where about in china
 i cant find either ... ... . let google him !
 and you 'll find the info you 're look for . . .or maybe info that you wish you have not see !
 this person be now live in haikou ; the capital city of hainan province in china ; with his chinese `` wife '' . you can contact me for further detail .
 so whats he up too now ; ; ; mad man ;
 he be basically a crook ; and even we be con by him.. when he fit wrongly the brace on mrs ukeng.. : )
 i think imrie be his wife . is she still live in kincardine in scotland at sands house ? ? ?
 where be dr alex the dentist can anyone tell me where dr alex the dentist be please
 i think imrie be live with her gardener joseph paterson at sands house in kincardine ? ? ?
 mad
 be you upset ? why the all cap ?
 planet ... .great name ... .you are wired to the moon ... i had the good fortune to have dinner with mrsgibson & mr paterson in edingurgh a few weeks ago ... .lovely couple..ive been a friend of mrs gibson & her family for years ... . & to be honest ive never seen her so happy ... ..she still has to deal with dept collection companys looking for alex.but she just smiles & thinks to herself what a loser ... .you know i friend of mine who has his p.h.d in computing ... .once told me with a computer & a little knowledge the world is a very very small plance ... ..so ill be watching events unfold in haikou china ... .to all my friends in doha ... .see you in september
 and yes ; why all the capital letters ? hurt the eye when reading .
 private conversation with planet
 do it outside the forum
 can you please call me on +974 66048561. i need info on this alex gibson .
 if they allow you to work on husbands visa then it continue with same visa ; but if not then you can change it to barwas visa ; anywayz it trustable and well orgainsed firm so no issue for any upcoming event for you.best of luck ...
 if you trust the company then there really be nothing against transfer ( you can always transfer back to husband sponsorship ) . the question be what you 'll gain out of it .
 transfer visa from family to work is it good to transfer from family to work visa ? i get a job offer from barwa and it include work visa . presently ; i 'm under the sponsorship of my husband . please reply to enlighten me.. thanks .
 sanquelimgoa ... thanks .
 > cheekylady ; do u manage to transfer your visa from family to work ? how long do it take ; what be the requirement ? i 'm in the same situation now . thanks ; )
 yes i think there is no compulsion abt tht . best of luck
 sponsorship law get nod web post at : 2/27/2009 3:38:52 source : : : the peninsula by mobin pandit and mohammed salem doha : qatar yesterday issue a new sponsorship law that retain salient feature of the previous legislation ; which be enforce some 45 year ago . ... ... ... .. the new law ( no . 4 of 2009 ) regulate the entry ; exit ; residence and sponsorship of foreigner be ratify by the heir apparent h h sheikh tamim bin hamad al thani and will be enforce with immediate effect . qatari woman marry to foreigner will be allow to sponsor their husband and child . ... ... ... ..
 non-muslim men can not marry a muslim lady i believe you will have to convert and face a tremendous amount of difficulty ; this be not a normal event in qatar . other question can arise about child ; that 's why u get marry ; in the past they could not automatically be qatari ! either way qatar be change ; the fact that you can meet a qatari lady and get to this stage in your relationship could not have happen in the past without male relative decide to avenge such an insult ! proceed carefully !
 yes u can for sure .
 yes ; but be carefull ... . best of luck
 as i hear you can drive but it 's not safe ; one of my friend be catch and fin for that ; he be from australia ; good to apply qatari liscense to avoid such complication ... ..cheers
 no ; u cant drive ; qatar has an temparory license procedure ; you can follow that ; some gulf license will help in make such license ; but indian license will not help .
 an international driving licence can only be use for seven day after arrive in qatar .
 driving in qatar i have indian international driving license . can i temporally drive in qatar use my international driving license ?
 thnks for ur replys.. now i be confuse get both answers..where i can contact officially to confirm it
 international license can only be use for the first seven day ... during this period you can apply with the traffic department and get a temporary license ... if you be go to have an rp ; then once you get your rp then apply for the permanent license ... call 180 to get the contact no for the traffic department ...
 i can tell you where i saw them : sports corner ( at burger king r/a ) in the basement they have all sort . i can not recommend any though . good luck
 if ur interested in 2nd view classify for detail . one treadmill be with me ; i want to sale it . http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/450750
 go sports in villagio
 there 's an outlet of gulf broasted chicken on raas abu abood street ...
 try gulf broast or popeye .
 gulf broasted chicken be the best ; on ras abou aboud : d guy should be thankin me now hahahaha
 it every where in doha ... try turkey restaurant a well..al nasser street .
 i be there today ; it open till 8 pm
 doha zoo does anyone know if or when the doha zoo will reopen ? thanks !
 lol i come to doha and i be return smart . a contractor tell me the zoo be close . they be mistake . i be still look for work in doha and yes i be american . nice avtar ! thank you for the response . all the best !
 yesterday i go there ... . ya too much crowd ... but still worth see
 closing time ?
 power to the non believer ; it a great feeling to have and hold .
 please visit www.sch.gov.qa
 if any one could help me with previous paper for dental licensing exam of qatar
 they have a simulaotor center at the back of work airport all the training will be take there
 it 's learn all about the safety feature and equipment and procedure of each aircraft you will be work on . you will also be train in first aid and handle medical and aircraft emergency . you will learn how to work a a team and serve a dinner party for 300 out of a space about as large a a king size bed !
 @ osamabawab ; i mean they hire me for training and in a fer day i will fly to qatar ; so i be just think how intensive be the 2 month training be . do you have any idea ? thanks
 @ osamabawab ; thnx ; ; ; )
 carrefoure service center hi all ; can any body help me to tell the number of carrefoure service center in c ring road . i have a toshiba laptop with issue . i go to carrefore and they tell it will take 15 - 30 day to repaire . if i will handover directly to service center it will be more early . i do n't know be they lazy ... thankin in advance . ravi . 55356112
 hi ravi ; can u tell me plz what be the problem with your laptop ; i can tell u how many day it will take ; nd service name be ... .redington ... if ur comin from ramada signal it on ur right side ; and after muntaza signal u just take second service road ; after 100 meter u find it . tel.44551608-09
 welcome to the slow service of carrefour . take me an hour just to get my money back once . three line and a list of signature . disaster .
 i know what 's the prob with yr laptop . it 's your motherboard failure . nothing to do with power supply . normal repair will take up to 5 work day ( max ) . if they have the replacement on hand ; then can be fix within a day or 2 .
 i have n't see any avery label . . .and i 've definitely look . hopefully someone will have a good answer for you . there be a bookstore near the burger king r/a - the one that sell toy ; date ; computer ; office supply along with a pathetic book selection - where you can find label of different size that be sell by the sheet . it could be worth a look ; but do n't expect to find a huge selection . sorry !
 many thanks will try to come and have a look tomorrow ...
 for both software and label . they promote these label once by conduct seminar in movenpick good luck
 i think office one near midmac roundabout have them . aisha-taweela
 i 've look several time but have n't see them there . has anyone actually see them ?
 modern home now call them selves 51 east be the sole agent for avery check with them nq
 where be modern home ?
 avery labels i be look for an avery label ; i wonder if anyone know where could i buy them . many thanks ... crm
 agree with asiha office 1 - be the place i buy laser lables for a seminar from them . they on left side on salwa road if you leave doha - beyond ramada i think .
 i buy some label at the bookstore near the burger king r/a but not the avery 's one . it be my first time there and they have few selection of thing ; i be kind of in a rush when i go there but will try to come back again and see what exactly they have .
 the selection be actually pretty good . i be look at the label that be 10 to a sheet - large enough for decent nametags . i ca n't remember what the per-sheet price be ; but the entire box ( 1000 label total ) be either 45qr or 55qr . assuming i have all the number right - and assume that they work in a printer as well a the name-brand label ; that make them significantly less expensive than even the office max brand label in the u.s . i think i 'll give them a try !
 breaking news ! avery labels available at the small stationery shop beside olympic sports on airport road : o ) < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= '' west bay panorama april 2009 by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3388/3450023228 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 68 '' alt= '' west bay panorama april 2009 ''
 they be a brand of office label from ( i think ) the u.s . they come in every size and shape imaginable - from address label to full-page label to small circle . they 're always high quality and can be put through a laser or inkjet printer .
 not the best selection in the world ; but there be a choice . best of all ; they have my favourite cd/dvd label that cover the whole disc ( tiny centre hole only ) : o ) < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= '' west bay panorama april 2009 by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3388/3450023228 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 68 '' alt= '' west bay panorama april 2009 ''
 ok ; thanks baldrick2dogs !
 hello ; buy a corolla 2007 model white color a resale for these car be good and in demand since ur go to use for one year and depend upon the traffic condition and driving in qatar u should opt for automatic car . per year the depreciation value be 5000 qr for new car a mention by one of the qlers .
 it depend on a place ; cause like here in qatar.gas be low price unlike the other country.manual transmition be much good safe a gas compare to automatic.but manual be such avoid such accident compare to automatic.it depends to you ; but for me i choose manual.hopefuly ; it help to you.thank you !
 manual your drive but automatic your like just sit : )
 is it ok to buy a manual transmission car ? how be the resale ; a i be plan to use for one year only car be honda civic
 hi better go for a auto . b'coz doha be a small area full of traffic . also if you be re-saling within 1 year it wont be a problem .
 thanks for your sincere suggestion . i be in 2 mind now ; whether to go for a/t or manual . civic or corolla
 i have tire both manual n auto car ... n i like in auto car be u can easily drive without worry abt change the gear again n again..qatar have small street so when u drive on street every 1 min u have change gear to slow down or speedup..better to go with auto
 u can go directly to a shop name `` al-enabei `` in al-asmash street close to sooqe waqeef .
 ============== http : //www.fashionclothe.com ========== sell clothing ; footwear ; handbag ; sunglasses our product sell well in europe and north america . our main product list be a follow : 1.fashion sports shoe : shox ; dunk ; jordan ; air max ; air force ; adidas ; puma ; prada ; d & g ; chanel ; gucci ; lacoste ; louisvuiton ; bape ; evisu ; timberland ; ugg ; boot ; burberry ; 4us ; hogan ; dior ; greedy genius ; versace ; convers ; coach ; dsquared ; maurt ; etc . 2.fashion t-shirt & jeans & jacket : bape ; af ; aaf ; bbc ; evsiu ; juicy ; ggg ; burberry ; ed-hardy ; chanel ; g-star ; red monkey ; christian audigie ; sinful ; lacoste ; polo ; armani ; smet ; baby ; levis ; justcavalli ; versace ; true religion ; artful dodger ; rock ; coogi ; crown holder ; rmc ; etc . 3.fashion handbags : lv ; prada ; chanel ; d & g ; fendi ; edhardy ; burberry ; miumiu ; gucci ; chloe ; juicy and chole ; burse ; etc . 4.others : brand watch ( rolex ; longines ... ) ; belt ( d & g ; gucci ; prada ; chanel ; burberry ... . ) ; hat ; sunglasses etc . we sincerely hope to establish the business relation with you . looking forward your visit . our website : http : //www.fashionclothe.com
 thanxx alot angelo & red ...
 contact number joe 66603770
 go to immigration office at markhiya ... ... ... ... meet captain ... .
 to laliithvn- is there any immigration office in markhiya ? is it a new immigration office ?
 go to the passport office and change it also show ur birth dare in the passport office or take ur birth certificate
 where to buy a kayak any suggestion where one can buyy a sea kayak -- a real one ; not the sit-on-top kiddy version -- in doha ?
 saw them at the sport shop in villagio ...
 real one ; or the kiddy version ; brit ?
 real ones.. by the way ; what 's the difference between a kayaker and a catfish ? a : one have whisker and smell bad ; and the other one 's a fish .
 go-sports in villagio and sun and sand sport in city center . ask the staff if you do n't see what you want . often time you have to order those kind of item and wait for them to arrive . my friend get theirs in cc
 i be at go-sports yesterday and they have a decent folding kayak make by folbot . http : //www.folbot.com/kayaks/citibot/ if you get a kayak and want to go paddle sometime let me know .
 is there anywhere you can hire a kayak in doha ? not quite ready to fork out thousand of riyal for the one in cc . : ) where do you go kayak joeinqatar ?
 we sell kayak in doha please check our ad here : http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/3340891 or http : //copiertalk.com/uploader/files/6/kayak-en-s2.jpg
 im use azureus client..limewire suck ( lol ) < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2a/2a9ef16e05e9992ed08018911295edd1.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/35650 '' > myhotcomments < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 you just have to be savvy enough to not regift the thing to the person who give it to you initially . sounds easy enough ; but when you 've be stash thing in your closet for 12 month ; you kind of forget where and who they come from ! my theory be that it 's good those gift go to someone else who might actually use and appreciate them than to sit unused in my spare bedroom for month on end . and my friend and i usually have a chinese gift exchange around the holiday ; and that 's an absolutely perfect opportunity for everyone to get rid of those type of item . and some folk walk away really love the new item they pick up ! `` most plain girl be virtuous because of the scarcity of opportunity to be otherwise . '' -- maya angelou
 tacky . if you give it to somebody who know the person who give it to you .
 to re-gift or not ? do you find it tacky or practical to recycle unused ; unopened gift and give them to other people ? i would really love to know your opinion about this matter . thanks .
 it 's practical ; but i do not do that . i always keep in mind the thought that the giver have on give the gift to me ; and that alone make the gift a treasure to me . < i > mind your own business ; then you will see the joy come into your life .
 im quite sentimental..so i wouldnt give them away . i think it okay if you give them to people who matter to you and who really like the object ure give away a oppose to just give them to just whoever or bad sell them out . ^^
 but imagine u re-gift something to the same person who gift it u . lol
 lol . quite an interesting thought..yeah coz he must like it coz he give it to you .
 some may find it practical ; but i put value on gift that others give to me so i cant do that.. : ) < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingcheese.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //i153.photobucket.com/albums/s235/revmyspace2/graphics/misc/smileys/smiley '' title= '' myspace comments '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingchees
 @ stonecold yeah if it a bomb ; well no you will not be in trouble..you 'll just be dead !
 i re-gift specially those i already have . ( like the 5 coffee maker we receive a wedding gift ... . lol ! ) if the package be break ; i just give it away to anyone who wants/needs it . as they say in recycling : `` one man 's trash be another man 's treasure . '' < a href= '' /node/13137 '' title= '' filipino expatriates in qatar living '' > < img src= '' http : //farm3.static.flickr.com/2197/2028195044 '' alt= '' '' width= '' 225 '' height= '' 58 '' / > < /a > < strong > click logo for the filexpats group < /strong >
 congrats 4 ur new house ... . < a href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/user/razzak '' > < img src= '' http : //img199.imageshack.us/img199/8445/razo.jpg '' alt= '' razak '' / > < /a >
 i dont know wether you have hear it ... but the torch building suppose to be convert to office block and a hotel . maybe now they start do the work ... 2 year after the game ...
 i hear about that one 2 year ago too ! the new building be right around the back of the complex . the architect draw look very nice : o ) < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= ''  by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3215/2847916040 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 119 '' alt= ''  '' / > did you google it first ?
 new hotel i go for a walk around aspire park this morning and notice some new construction where i park . anyone know anything about the new aspire hotel ? i.e . will it have a bar so we can excercise then have a refreshing drink afterwards ?
 maybe something to do the football world cup that they hope to get ? ?
 hey hotel be go to open on march and there be 167 room .
 you can try to post a bulletin in family food and mega mart .
 i think it good to get a new one rather than waisting ur time ... ... .n it jst a pet u have lose ... .hope u havent lose any human ... ... ... .n if soo it would be easy to find a human ... ... ...
 let qaws know in case someone have rescue her . put up poster around the neighborhood with her picture . contact the veterinarian in doha to be on the lookout for her . a persian without a tail should be distinctive .
 she be probably at or around your old house . i recommend you go around there and call for her . leave a trapping cage with food .
 where be the pic . go to almeera and mall stick pic there on ad board with your detail ; or try newspaper gulftimes .
 i believe your cat be also look at you ; both of you be seem lose in love ... go back to your old place where the cat use to live . goodluck ! ! ! salamat po ...
 dear friend ; 1 ) you put an advertisement in television 2 ) you can arrange an enquiry commission 3 ) put an advertisement in gulf times with photo
 i guess your cat have a lover at your previous house ; ) cats be program to find their old home ; have a look at your old place .
 if i lose my cat ; how can i find her ? i have this persian cat that live with me for over 7years ; and after we move out the house ; i place her only for a night in our neighbour . the next day i come and my cat be go . shes be away for past 4 day now . i hope no1 take her and sell her . shes a female gray perian cat ; without a tail . so how can i find her ? any ideas ?
 you can buy a new persian male cat . then give/show her photo be damn sure he wil find out her with few week .
 in al saad . many mobile shop there .
 maybe in china ?
 < b > < i > ... ... ... ..at souq najada ! ! ... ... ...
 most of availble mobiles her made in china
 ngv be use in some country ; why not in a natural gas rich country like qatar be introduce ; ng maybe much cheap than gasoline like 20dirhams per liter ? hehehe and it way clean than gasoline feed bus .
 one litter petrol be cheap than one litter drinking water ; then why gasoline car ? ? ? and it be dangerious also ?
 ng could be cheap and be normally use in some country where there be small car ( mostly 1.3 engine ) and gasoline be really expensive . please do not expect soemthing like that in a country where gasoline be cheap and mostly big and heavy vehicle be common .
 i be suppose to buy that also last week but change my mind when the sale man from nokia itself tell me that the balance inquiry for qtel do n't work for n900 . say it because the os of n900 be linux which be incompatible to that of qtel 's
 shouldnt it be *127*secret number # ? good fortune always come knock at your door ... when you be sh*tting in the toilet ! ! : )  [ ] ~ < strong > < /strong > ~ [ ]  < img src= '' http : //www.skamu.com/icons/animated/images/icon41.gif ''
 nokia n900 compatible with prepaid hala hi : does anyone know if nokia n900 be compatible with prepaid hala.i recently purchase this set and can not seem to recharge my hala balance use this phone . everytime i punch in *127 # secret no. # i get a message say incorrect number . same hold for check balance i.e . ; *129 # . seems the phone do not performm this function . has anyone else encounter the same ? thanks .
 update for that be come soon..
 i get a n900.you should exclude * & # .to check balance you must call 129 and to recharge you must call 127.you cant send credit .
 first-it will not boost your horspower or acceleration anything considerable-if you where race and a 1/100th of a second count then ok. also ; more importantly ; a abuamerican said-it could void your warranty- check with toyota first .
 it will make a difference if you will change your header ; and full exhaust system . it 's a landcruiser ; why set it up ? plus you might get rip off ; k & n filter go for around qr250.i 'm not into 4wd . if you want to set up a car ; go for honda or 350z ! ! !
 agree with all the above - it 's a bus for # $ % & sake . the difference be negligable . besides ; with the dust in qatar you be good off with the factory fit filter which be design for our condition
 bro ; i agree with cdpascual initial performance gainer would be intake/header/exhaust modification . if you modifed the intake plate filter ( k & n ) then you have to modify your header ( use s/s mandrel bend header ) and an aftermarket exhaust chambered/free-flow muffler ( ex.tanabe g-medallion ) plus a layer of thermal wrap to ever notice performance . if you can afford a cold air intake that would be good ; with all this modification this would surely void your warranty . cheers ;
 u will find kick boxing ; leg pull ; bash hence everything in ql forum !
 how about another sport like airsoft ; paintball ; etc ?
 either you can go to the karate acadamy in al naser or there be a thaikwondo federation in almtanna building which be opposite to jarir book in ramada signal
 thank you han19 ; do they learn kick box or only teakwondo ? and can you descripe me location ? or web or tel ?
 valid work permit ; entry 6 month passport ? hi ; i have a valid work permit not expire until next year . my question be will a passport with less than 6 month be a problem when enter the country again ? have anyone get an idea or experienced something similar to this situation ? thanks
 you ca n't enter in any country if you have expire passport even though you have valid permit ; even your own country will not allow or give you exit ; .
 first- when you leave your country they might refuse to let you go- so well renew you passport there and keep the old one with rp when you enter doha.upon come back - transfer the rp at immigration- 100 qr
 thanks all . my point be that my passport expire in september . i need to travel in march ; which leave exactly 6 month validity on my passport . i do n't think it will be a problem enter the country i entend to visit but i be wonder if it will cause a problem when i return to doha with less than 6 month on the passport ( even though i have a valid work visa ) . if i renew now ; i wo n't be able to travel in march a the renewal process take about a month . i wish i could postpone but i ca n't .
 you can ask your embassy if they can give you temporary extension ? in our embassy ; we have an option to extend .
 yes ; it can . unfortunately you ca n't predict who will be the immigration official on duty when you come back to doha . could you slide ? possibly . could you be refuse . also possible ; sorry ! mandi
 try fedex ; they be the best ! !
 i 've hear dhl be quicker but aramex be cheap .
 the service be ok. i be use it since it launched.. but the charge be high.. even though the shipment be less than a kilo then charge for 1.5 to 1.6 kg cite volumetric reasons.. this be bit unreasonable . i havent try aramex ; but seem to be good than dhl . dhl be faster no doubt but be prepare to pay the price ... . of not less than 130 qar for any weight ... .
 dhl have fast transit time from us to qatar . rates from us to qatar - first 0.5kg be qr 59 and each additional 0.5kg be qr 30 . dhl flexiship might be good option for regular internet shopper .
 enjoy discount rate use dhl easyshop service.import heavy weight good through your p o box address in usa and receive discount upto 50 %
 qatar international school can anyone tell me what 's happen at qis ? have hear rumour that the old owner of the school have be ask to leave doha . who be run it now ? will there be problem for the student now ?
 i go to qis too ! yeah i hear about this a few month ago ; nothing have change so im guess it just a rumour .
 although there will be a new principal everything at the school be stay the same in fact there be very nice improvement happen it be a if the school be have a facelift . there be really nothing to worry about
 the principal and vice principal be leave but no one else . the principal have little involvement in the day to day run of the school anyway . there should n't be any change to the school .
 qatar international school be very good . it 's be around for a very long time . exam result be good and the child be well behave and happy . the only problem- that you might have trouble get your child into the school a it have long waiting list .
 dear qis parents ; i have my daughter ( 5 year old ) who be attend asd now for 2nd year ( in kg grade ) . asd be a good school ; esp . in it management ; administration ; facility etc . however i be concern about the extreme liberal environment of the school and wonder if qis be a good choice ? how be academic of qis and what about the issue that be of my concern . thanks for your feedback ; regards ;
 i now one how do it
 in qatar ? ? no way regards ! !
 as tattoo in qtr r forbidden ; you wont find any tattoo parlor anywhere ... however ; this do not mean ppl dont do it behind closed doors.. your best chance of find someone be by ask ppl who already have tattoo ... good luck
 be satisfy with what god have give you . donot change creation of god . god donot like it . satan have decide to change creation of god : 1 ) changing colour of hair 2 ) removing hair of eyebrow 3 ) straightening nose 4 ) tattooing -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- you never exist before 100 year nor will exist after 100 year . life be a test remember . to your god be your final destination
 check my post ; and visit my facebook skinartdesign @ yahoo.com
 about lcd tv ? hi ... what be much well hard panel lcd tv or soft panel lcd tv . tnx a lot ... ... ..
 i presume you mean plasma tv versus lcd tv ? if so ; i would choose lcd tv definitely . i 've have both ; and i can confirm that whilst lcd might be a bit more expensive than plasma ; it be definitely worth the difference ; because you get clear crisper video quality
 go for a lcd ; although expensive but you pay for the quality . plasma have a limited life span afterwhich it quality view deteriorates a it age . cheers ;
 try www.flasyparty.com < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/280 '' >
 you can get them from mcdonalds ; kfc ... etc
 www.flashyparty.com they be the best now in qatar
 check www.hadyakiki.com
 of course you can order from ebay ; you will have to have a post box ; in what ever country you ebaying ; i get one in germany and usa ; i get some stuff from ebay and it get here just fine . remember all the package will be open no matter what . so make sure your item be allow here in qatar ; that 's about it .
 yes ; you can order . but ; if you want your item to arrive fast here in qatar ; try aramex 's shop & ship service . it 's fast ; reliable ; and affordable . aramex will give you your own p.o . box both in the us and uk . so ; if your seller reside in the us or uk ; they can immediately ship your order . and ; aramex will just do the rest . hassle-free . thanks to aramex . try to be a member of aramex 's shop & ship .
 i 've be buy item from ebay us ; and it go fine ; but sometimes custom question specially when you have more item claim in a month .
 yes you can order for thing in ebay but check for ship method use by the seller . anything that come from courier will reach your door step without any problem . recently i place an order for hp laptop battery pack and get it in 7 day without any problem .
 can you order thing from ebay in qatar ? will they arrive here in doha ok ? please tell me of your experiences.. many thanks !
 yeah i just buy an iphone unlock from ebay and it cost me only 2400 riyal include shipping and accessory . go for it ; it 's beautiful ...
 simplestguy ... whats the cost of set up an account with aramex ?
 doha motors
 please dont waste your money .. move along with advancement and technology ; ;
 you can get mahindra scorpio form doha motor and trading company . this company be at al matar street just adjacent to air port and before parachute roundabout . i know in india ; it be very good and famous vehicle . i too like it . but here in doha ; i have see only 3 to 4 scorpio vehicle . i know that it be a good vehicle but also please think about resale value . here maximum people be not aware of mahindra and tata vehicle . tata heavy vehicle only i have see . therefore you can not expect more money while sell the vehicle . best regard ; ramakrishna nalabothula
 doha motors ; i think their one brach be in airport aftr tht matar qadeem signal ; go n chck it out
 what be the price of mahindra scorpio in doha ?
 oh dear ; you can renew it in main emmigration dept at madinat khalifa ; at messaid service center . but not from post office
 yah ... ... ... ... u can extend for one month more ; ; ; just ask do n't worry ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 post office ? loooooool next time post your letter and parcel in immigration dept .
 visit visa renewal can i renew my wife visit visa ( six month ) under my sponosrship in post office
 yes ; you can.. the office be on the 1st floor ; on the right side once you enter the main door . take a queue or number and it will finish within 10 minute . do n't forget to bring a noc from your company since she be under your sponsorship .
 @ fragileheart : hes talkng about the central post office where u can find the immigration dept . dont u ever heard abt dat ? ? ?
 some selective service be available in main post office such a renewal of residence permit . not sure about visit visa renewal .
 there be one immigration office counter in post office there we can renew rp 's i be not sure about visit visa renewal there ? ! any way public be not much aware about the counter in main post office ; it be the easy location and no wait there ; very easy . also if you renew your family visa for 3 year together you will get 20 % discount also .
 lia06 to renew visit visa do not requrie noc from company it be require only at the time of apply for visit visa ; do not mislead people if you dont know anything ? ! !
 post office ? it 's not possible !
 the best place you can go to be any spa in any hotel
 in west bay have a male section to their salon . can only give you the lady section number though ; but be sure they can transfer you over to the men side . 498 0033 hope this help `` if you do n't like the heat ... get out of the kitchen ... but stop try to fan the flame before you leave ... it will burn you on the a** a you go through the doorway ... . '' me < strong > visit www.qaws.org
 the four seasons spa have a men 's section . mandi
 check the sixth sense spa at al-sharq . ~noms~ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - `` before god we be all equally wise ' and equally foolish '' - albert einstein
 waxing ok ; strange question ; but do anyone know where body waxing ( hair removal ) can get do in doha for men ? only thinking of back waxing ; not anything else . most of the salon be woman only . thanks in advance . probably not really a family relate question ; but i 'm sure my family would appreciate it when we be sit at the pool : - )
 bliss spa at the w offer men wax
 go for the full treatment - back ; crack and sac !
 well ... i be tell that `` the early the good '' ... .
 dental services be quite expensive in gcc ; it good to get it do in your home country . if money be not a matter ; then you will find lot of them in and around doha .
 if your child 's front teeth come out and you want to fix brace to become the teeth in level ; i think no dentist will prefer to fix it . because your child be grow now and the shape of the face be not yet completed.so it be not good to fix brace in this gowing time . it be very cosly here to fix brace . if your company provide insurance and the insurance company will cover this type of treatment then okay . if you do it in india ; you have consult the dentist 2 to 3 time to tight the brace . anyway contact a good physician and ask advise . best regard
 probably just some qataris celebrate their national heritage by set fire to stuff or make thing uncomfortable for others ... ... . lets not mention the possibility of anybody misbehaving ... ... ... .oh no..
 yesterday rayyan win semi final & enter in to final ; so they be celebrate that
 i wonder and hope so ; if qatar win the fifa cup ; what would happen here ... even qatar do n't qualify for fifa yet !
 they be celebrate some football victory . pretty odd celebration if you ask me
 its a weird scene .
 a little girl i saw a little girl run by the street ; and she have a cat attach to her ... ... be that normal in this country ?
 i saw a little girl run by the street ; and she have a parent attach to her ... ... be that normal in this country ?
 bizarre thread - clearly a slow day in ql ... ... ... ... .
 it be abnormal in this country and other country
 i saw a britexpat run by the street ; and he be hold a pink lungi ... ..is tat normal in this planet ? : (
 think it be his pink kia : (
 me too ; but it not ... until i saw his foot entangle in the lungi and he fell down with a big noise ... . : (
 - it be normal to let child play inside a move vehicle sans seat belt ; few others leave them for `` moments '' ( mean - hours in this part of the world ) lock ; under the bright sunlight of about about 50+ degree . - it be normal to turn left or right without light indicator on ; or use the right signal to turn left and thing like that . it be even normal to tailgate ; use mobile phone at a normal 100 kph when the normal post limit be 80 . thus normally everyone seem to accept that it be normal to add + 20 or more to the posted limit ; or drive half the speed limit when about 20 vehicle tail with no one else in front . - it be normal to talk about issue of neighbor country while be blind on issue just in front of u . - it be normal to tell everyone to choose to leave if you do n't like the rule ; though ; you can not leave a you have choose when you tender your resignation . - i wish i can rant some more ; but i 've normally ; accept these reality ; a most people do .
 i do n't think it funny . i not only break my designer flip flops ; but also tear my thong . not a pretty sight : o (
 it not normal !
 at - dohaprice ! why you be serious ? !
 a little girl i saw a little girl run by the street ; and she have a cat attach to her ... ... be that normal in this country ?
 find it yourself i be not here to reply your question . if u know kindly reply if this act be normal or abnormal
 it ok if u dnt wnt to reply but dnt get nervous . i feel like long usage of ql make people forget their habbits but always remembers to comment on others
 and the op be member for 5 hour 10 min . are troll a normal thing on this site ?
 even after recognition ppl keep on commenting be that normal here ... ... ?
 kb indeed it be ! the sooner u realize the good ... . : )
 rizk always fell down have hole or something in the lungi ... be that normal here ! ! ! ! !
 i love take my fish `` wanda '' for a walk in doha jadeed : o ) < a href= '' http : //tinypic.com ? ref=2dv8v8j '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i46.tinypic.com/2dv8v8j.jpg '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' image and video hosting by tinypic '' > < /a >
 i have leash trained my cats..quite the task but worth it if the cat be an indoor one..
 that abnormal for rizks
 nabunabeeb strictly no foreign language in ql main forum pls ...
 a little girl i saw a little girl run by the street ; and she have a cat attach to her ... ... be that normal in this country ?
 why dont he stitch that hole ... .atleast he can save bandage ; ; lolss
 where be `` foreign '' language here ! ! ! !
 hahaa ... it already update in dictionary last week ... .better get one
 kb mean no desi language ... lols
 unimaginable ! a cat who be attach to a girl use a `` leech '' ... hahahahaha .
 the lungi ( bengali : ; marathi ; hindi : ; urdu ; saraiki ; punjabi ; sindhi : ; telugu : oriya : ; malayalam : ; tamil : ; or saram ( ) ; also know a a sarong ; be a traditional garment worn around the waist in indonesia ; bangladesh ; india ; pakistan ; sri lanka ; burma ; brunei ; malaysia ; singapore ; the horn of africa and the southern arabian peninsula . it be particularly popular in region where the heat and humidity create an unpleasant climate for trouser . for more info check http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lungi
 we be not discuss about wear lungi but to use these kind of word in ql main forum be normal or abnormal ppl ... ) d
 y u get so nervous it ok ... may be lungi be the family business of xbrl so provide all these detail ... lols
 it just a word..relax i din gift u one.. ; ) ) )
 it might just be the residual hot air come through . try turn the temperature set to halfway between hot and cold .
 car ac dears ; recenlty ; i use my car 's ac heater ; after some time my child say me to switch off the heater ; because she felt too hot . even though i switch off ( the knob be in hot position ) the ac i saw hot air be come from the window of the ac . when the car stop the hot air also stop . when the car take speed ; the air also come out too hot . is there any problem in my car ac ; it be 2009 model car ? any one can give an advise ?
 check your ac ventilation . the air ventilation should be come from inside the car and not air come from outside the car . send me pm so that i can explain to you what i be say .
 check the knob of the thermostat control . try to set the pointer of the knob at the low cold position . normally the furthest set point be when you turn the knob at counterclockwise direction .
 < code > < b > there would be another knob with `` recirc '' & `` fresh '' option ... ..select the `` recirc '' option ... .here you go ... .the problem be solve : - ) ps : no need to change the thermostat or anything else. < /code > < /b >
 keep go earn point .
 you get 103 liter of petrol free from any petrol station .
 same answer that i give for previous same post `` one packet kuboose and a sulaimani ''
 i redeem my 18000 point to get one way ticket to the uk when i leave doha for good last august . not bad .
 check the link below it explain ql point : http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/859854
 once your fiance have the rp ; he will have to wait for another 6months before apply for a spouse visa [ family visa ] . also his salary should be well with in the slab of 10000 qr for this.you can not apply rp for yourself .
 do your court marriage and get all the necessary document for visa as fast a possible . the wed proper can come later .
 visa for me after marriage ? ? my husband to be be at the moment wait for his rp . we be get marry in june and then both move to qatar . just wondering ; how the visa work ? ? can i go under his rp or do i apply for one myself ; even tho i wont have a job wait when i get there ? ? very confused ; any info would help . thanks ! !
 you can come in on a renewable tourist visa a an irish citizen . mandi
 try american chiropractic on salwa near decoration roundabout . i have n't use their service ; but i like the doctor from california that i meet at a food mart .
 yes ; there be ( finally ) a very good canadian chiropractor practice here in qatar who i would highly recommend . it 's really hard to find someone qualified and properly train but he be very good ; my whole family can definitely vouch for him . cell number be : 648-2036
 i appreciate the answer . i 'll try shale 's advise and keep you all up to date on my progress . does this chiropractor treat child too ? what experience do he have ?
 the best one in al ahli hospital his name be moon lie he be graet try him
 well there be doha chiropractic center ; on d-ring road telephone number : 4650012 mobile number : 5525572 you can have the best treatmeant there . me and other people have go there and have have good result .
 the doctor at doha chiropractic center be a highly qualified american female.. who treat both female and male..
 hi ; yes to answer your question ... he have a one year old himself and have 12 year experience in canada . he specialize in sport before and treat member of the national hockey team and national basketball team . he be very good when we meet with him and listen to everything we have to say ; rather than rush u in an out of the office . the person there before u have have chronic migraine and he be able to treat her the once and she have no more problem . anyway ; his name be dr. mccrimmon . definitely reccommend you give him a shout !
 dr.sharon treat both child and adults.. i 've hear that lot of family take their child there for check-ups..and that it pretty good..
 i have hear lot of complains about american chiropractic clinic . people say that he 's rough and very madly expensive .
 new in the forum but be here in qatar for almost 2 year . testing this site ; a friend refer this group to me .
 do n't take u tooooo seriously ! < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= ''  by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3215/2847916040 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 119 '' alt= ''  '' / > did you google it first ?
 renting them there ; a 350cc or 400cc will cost u 200qr for an hour ; quite a rip-off . you can rent them from a few place ; there be a petrol station on the road to mesaieed ; after wakra ; that have two shop you can rent them from ; i pay 550 for the day with a trailer .
 does anyone know the price for rent the rhino 4 seater ?
 i stop by the banshee place and the competition right next to it today . cost for a 400 be 500qr for all day with a trailer . the guy at banshee didnt speak english ; but the other do ; kinda . does anyone know the cost at sealine beach resort for the atvs ? i have see them rent the rhinos or similar across from qchem plant on the way to sealine . dont know the price though . i plan on ask them tomorrow afternoon the price for all day .
 stopped by today at two place by the dune . one be doha bike and the price be 200qr for an hour and would not give me a price for half a day . the other place be just before the sign to turn to the beach . he be 200qr an hour ; and for 2 quad for two hour be 750qr . one be a banshee ; the other a suzuki 400 . hope this help . i plan on rent one this weekend . i miss rid . i be still hunt for someone who can install a hitch on my suv ; if anyone have a name or place please let me know .
 go to any of the car accessory shop around town . 99 % of them have a good selection ; and will be able to fit it for you ; just need to get the right one for your trailer . not to sure how much they cost though ...
 i want to rent a quad for the a day on thursday ; i be wonder if there be any quad rental shop ; i live near ramada and i wana take the quad there ; how much be the cost for a day if i want to rent a 250cc quad for a day ; and what be the procedure for it ; do i have to give id card or what ? ? ? ohh and i also have qatari riyal note with amazing number ; if anyones interested ; txt me at 6592950 or email at hadi-united @ hotmail.com . thank you .
 ps . the motorbike be register with qatar plate number and be import in qatar some year ago .
 just go traffic deparment in madinat khalifa and take export number plate 1st .
 eec excellence education centre
 cheap\reasonable english language center ? ? if somebody know about come cheap english language center please inform..
 cornerstones be n't bad -- they also do arabic course .
 quality do n't come 'cheap ' !
 lol ; ... are you look for centers teach cheap english ; cheap center teach [ whatever ] english ; or reasonably price centers teach english ?
 dear~~ think what ever you want = ) i get my answer = ) masalam
 you can get admission here through out the year and kg 1 would be no big problem . the other class have to take a test but about the kg level i be not sure .
 best indian school be dps-mis ( modern indian school ) http : //www.dpsmisdoha.com you can get admission for next term which will be start in october ... all the indian school here follow cbse syllabus birla public school doha modern indian school ( not recommend ) mes indian school ideal indian school
 fs i totally agree with you.i too give importance to other skill a child develop in school+academics ( mark sheet ) .but i dont think there be any thing great about dps or bps.being a full time mom ( housewife ) ; i have plenty of time to compare note of all three school.i find it almost the same.almost all school be same level . ofcourse the quality of the school reflect in their behavior.to me home be the best school & parent be the best teacher here in qatar .
 saj ; u say it right .
 discussed before ; here : - http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/1462414 http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/1714475
 you can refuse chew gum or chocolate . they be ask by the ministry to keep sufficient coin with them .
 why supermarket not keep coin ? why supermarket not keep coin ? always they be give chew gum or chocolate.is it dificult to keep coin in qatar ? or this be a business trick ? if we argue they will ask coin from u . anyway ... . this be not a good habit .
 buy a box of chewing gum and keep it in ur car carry a packet with u in person ; every time a cashier try to push you with chew gum for the loose change ; 1st refuse ; but if they insist then give them ur packet and ask for 1 buck ... ..they will not take it an will arrange to return the coin . i try it many time it work well
 what if the same happen at the time of buy the first new box of chewing gum ! !
 the trouble be that they be n't allow to give gum a change . so a lot of major supermarket will pick up a piece of gum or chocolate and scan it ; so that it add to the bill and round it up to an even number . therefore the gum be n't change ; but another item of your shopping . i always just pay with a card these day ; that way you only pay for what you want ; and not a dirham more .
 lol ps ! yea stand on one leg ! : (
 use debit card . simple ...
 rizks be mr. ql
 simple ! ! ! ask for discount ..lol : d
 princess ; old qlers be present ; they just need a small electrical shock from 440v connection ; ) every one be in read mode now a days.. and recent comment tab absence be it one of the cause also : ( now you do n't go to hibernation..
 metals use for coin making be expensive now due to voracious demand from china and elsewhere for other useful item derive from the same metal . i even hear a humor that coin be be hoard and melt to be use for make other more valuable metal product .
 no mate ... i just wake up from a long snooze
 why supermarket not keep coin ? why supermarket not keep coin ? always they be give chew gum or chocolate.is it dificult to keep coin in qatar ? or this be a business trick ? if we argue they will ask coin from u . anyway ... . this be not a good habit .
 no more news from me mate . it seem to upset more people than it help .
 do n't agree with the chew gum etc ...
 and now a day everyone be say that ql be bore ... it be irritate some time.. but be helpful alot also.. : )
 a fall season here ; )
 autumn ?
 there be a frost on the ground ; and a chill in the air here on ql
 to those who complain about the lack of coin -- they be worth so little . not even worth the cost of make them . no trick . just not many coin available . so stop be so petty cheap and accept the candy .
 tb ; then start post your daily gt feed.. : ) or do gt warn you of copyright issue ?
 http : //www.amazon.com/
 http : //www.google.com/products formerly froogle.com
 where be the cheap place to buy an slr camera ? shops ? airport ? i be look at buy a digital slr camera in the next few day ; befor i go on my hard earn hols . my current camera have finally bite the dust so i be now look for something like a nikon d60/d80 or anything else that be reliable . i would really appreciate any tip on where to go and possible price . thanks in advance
 airport
 dubai..
 if you be buy on cash not require but if your buying through bank than it require .
 merweb hotel al sadd ph # 44471111 or 44471013
 its opposite sana ; al salata ; behind the travel agency . not sure about exact rate now but when one of our technician from dubai arrive about few month back ; we book a room there and it be around qr . 150 per night . decent room ; with wifi internet but no restaurant facility . you can check it out . tel:44134400 personally ; this be the cheap i have see till now .
 shezan hotel..
 they be not open each and evey bag at the airport . they will open only those bag which be suspicious of have something illegal . you can bring your medicine with the proof of purchase and the prescription from your doctor . there be many patient bring their medicine for diabetes and blood pressure in hundred .
 as far a our experience go ; there be no problem as long a you have your prescription . we have be here 4 1/2 yr and have never be stop and question at the airport . you can send it by courier with the prescription but it go to `` customs '' for clearance . i do n't see any problem with you carry these med . best regard dez
 if you send it by courier ; they may open and check and then put a 'customs check ' seal / tape on the package ; since it 's medicine . if you bring it with you ; they may check ; depend on the type of medication ; but if u have a prescription with you ; it should n't be a problem . like others have state here ; many bring painkiller ; diabetes ; n hypertension drug with them here .
 if u bring it along with you ; there wont be any problem ; keep prescription and bill with you . but if u send it by courier then after custom check it will go to hmc ( white fort building ) ; then you have to go there with prescription and receipt and need to convince the doctor in charge to collect the medicine . ( last yr i collect some indian ayurvedic medicine same way which be couriered )
 bringing prescription medicine to qatar dear friends ; please tell me if i will face a problem if i be carry my own personal prescription medicine with me to qatar . i have the prescription of my indian doctor . i would have to carry about 365 of those capsule for 1 year of stay in doha . i think they open and check all the bag at airport . what about send them by courier to qatar with prescription ? is it allowed ? thank you ; junaid
 they do n't open all bag at airport . only if they find something suspicious they will open it . medicines with doctor 's prescription be not a problem . and a sanooj say if u send it by courier the medicine will be send to hmc and then return back after verification .
 i 'm sorry i mean to say his highness the bloody murderer and dictator sadam huseen
 do not put it on your hand carry bag.. ( bring some with you in case you need to drink while on the aircraft ) but the rest leave it on your check in luggage..
 thank you all very much for the advice ...
 megamart
 thanks ; i do spot them at megamart before but it seem that other supermarket be sell them as well so i 'll check them out . i be wonder if there be anyone of them sell it fresh
 theres a lot of assorted tofu selling in lulu gharafa . i go there yesterday and buy some . i do n't know if there near the airport . you might check as well .
 ffc- al saad ; they have 3 kind of tofu 1 ) soft 2 ) very soft 3 ) hard tofu hmmmm i like eat tofu very muchhhhhhhh ... .
 by the way what do this tofu mean ? ?
 draj ... u really dont want to know . or u can take duglas ' advice and try an old boot .
 driving to uae gas credit card or cash hi ; we travel to abu dhabi tomorrow ; my question be if you can pay at the gas station and the insurance on the border ( s ) in ksa and uae with atm ; credit card or only cash qar or only local currency ? can you exchange qar on the border ? thank you regards
 cash only ; and most place on the way accept qar ; no need to exchange anything . when you get to your destination ; get some cash through an atm use your atm card .
 for gas station in dubai ; you need cash . in ad you should be ok w/ cc . re all else ; cant help .
 so far you have yes and no ! great answer eh ! as i find out ; ; ; petrol - cash only except at large adnoc service station - the one with good clean toilet ! insurance cash only . the take most currency and the exchange rate be quite fair !
 insurance be only by cash or you can buy insurance here in doha through al khaleej insurance company bank street . only adnoc fuel station in abu dhabi accept credit card ; you may not have to refuel your car if you have double fuel tank . my nissan petrol dose 650km with two tank and i have to refuel at dubai - abu dhabi border only . petrol in abu dhabi be qr4.25\gallon in dubai qr6.25\gallon .
 no there wont be any fine .
 no ... . just remember the date and time . the camera have a video and still camera ... so they ( traffic police ) know what the cop be do ... .. do n't worry ...
 no there would not be any fine ; dont worry .
 there be fine u have to pay 6000 riyal ... ... ... u will rece massage soon !
 check in www.moi.gov.net go to traffic violation and enter ur car 's no .
 the traffic control room be inform in advance for this specific reason . there will be no fine .
 is it a traffic vilolation ? hi frnds ; yesterday night at 10pm at airportsignal ; wait for the signal to be green.all of sudden the cop come up and block all the road and tell to drive off ; but the signal be red and along with u in the lane there be other car too.cops show u handsignal and tell u to drive off ; a we move off the camera flash and there be couple of car also alng with me . will this be a traffic vilation and i wil be fin ? ? ? thnks
 nope.. u dont need to worry abt it.. ! ! to be on the safe side ; ; just note down the date & time .
 no . kuwait look after qatar
 unfortunately there be no canadian embassy in qatar . i understand that some function or need from canadian citizens be attend / take care by the uk embassy . on the other hand if you perform a search you will find lot of post/threads to read regard your question . cheers ! !
 in addition to all previous post : there be not embassy ... there be a canadian warden though . you can register with them if you wish ... they be plan to open here a canadian embassy entually.. it be just matter of time
 simply visit souqwaqif . and u will get them form small street shop stall . sell perfume and henna .
 call beauty salon between decoration and 'aramex ' roundabout ; come from salwa -right side phone:4583895
 there be henna salon behind royal plaza near nando 's restaurant
 jungle zone at hyatt plaza..
 try kfc or mc donald
 bennigans or fuddruckers or dairy queen
 teacher salary range my wife be a elementary ( primary ) teacher in the philippines ; i 'll be bring my family here soon . if she plan to teach here in qatar . how much salary she 'll expect ? any philippine school teacher here ? how much salary do they give at phil school ? and what be the phil . school here in qatar ? any allowance too ? please .
 then one should join their prefer group
 i try to join but they require atleast 50 points before they allow you as a member ...
 first please turn off your cap
 where in philipines be you from ?
 ooops sorry do not know that.. so just chat with me and see if we can get you 50 point .
 ukeng ; padre ; continue to talk to the op 'til morning . by that time ; he have 50 point already ! maybe he can have his consultancy service at the filex clinic by morning ! lol ! to the op ; just have a little more patience ; the queie be a litle bit long ! sooner or later ; you 'll be a member . also please consider work in some private school wherein the qualification of your wife may be accept . range of salary be between 2500 to 5000 qar ; package deal !
 im from tarlac ; kapampangan !
 guitars be available at badie studio & stores at old salata ...
 i cant remember the exact location in souq . it besides the singer sew machine store..they sell drum ; guitar and piano ; microphone etc .
 hi ; i have a brand new basic acoustic guitar ; which come with a new case ; extra set of string ; guitar pick ; guitar strap ; i bring it from india . it brand new ; not use ; jet black color ; the brand name be sx acoustic guitar . i m sell it for 650 riyal . if interested you can call me on the number below . 66840642
 weird and wonderful hobby in qatar ? what weird and wonderful hobbies/jobs be there in doha ? ? do you have one ? do your friend ? ?
 the weird hobby of fight daily routine work and boredom . doha specialty . salam
 milk the camels.. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - he who dares wins
 i discover today a new - and very weird for me -activity : i cooked ! probably it will become my `` weird hobby '' ... < i > < b > ********************* you become responsible forever for what you have tame . antoine de saint-exupry < /b > < /i > < img src= '' http : //cdnll.img1.imagechef.com/w/080610/anmd46ebbf9c8c024ef.gif '' >
 i drive around roundabout ; sometimes park close to an exit and then try to join the flow again.. great way of pass a few hour .
 we all do have luv it or leave it ... i.e ; drive daily from home to office and office to bak home.. and so on ; the most annoyin ... n weird all time sp in doha .
 it start early than this last year ... this be how winter use to be up until about 4 year ago.. v strange !
 it 's already winter .
 you be in the middle of it..or have n't you notice
 just feel it buddy ...
 dont expect snow in qatar ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. releif from summer be winter
 when be the winter ? when be the usual winter season ... . last year it be this time right ? wait to use jerkin and heater ... .. !
 winter be outside and i can totally feel it specially in the evening .
 i ask the same question . before i come ; i be tell that winter herr will be fairly cold and we will need to get at least fan heater for the bedroom . now it 's almost christmas ( in fact today be the winter solstice in norther hemisphere ) and for me this be actualy very nice hence no need for the heater yet . so ; be this normal for this time of the year ? will it get much colder ? does it augur a long and hot summer ahead ? cheers sk ( not complain ... . )
 al khebra be good !
 hello kapila ; check this link first . http : //www.qatarliving.com/answers/living-in-qatar/why-al-khebra-driving-school-force-for-pre-testlack-of-qualified-instructor-or-another-way-of-profit then ; i believe al khebra be not good . i have bad experience . you do n't accept my suggestion ; you check with other . and also check in google and qatar living . my option be al rayya be best . and this be also first drive school here in qatar . and i get licence with in 12 day .
 if u have the pin number ; and u have credit balance
 yes u can use cridet card if u have right pin
 yes you can
 yes ; ofcourse the bank will be very happy to allow u do that..but remeber the interest rat be 4 % on daily basis.so by the time u come back..the money u will pay will be 20 time of what u borrowed..so be careful
 yes you can . . . you will be charge later some sort of handling and the conversion / exchange rate be low
 did you check with toys r u ? i think i saw it there .
 rc toy hello guy and gals..could anyone of u know where to buy a good and original rc helicopter and toy gun here in qatar..im longin for this toy but it nowhere to find.. thanks
 go to doha city center you may get it at 4 floor .
 `` hobby shop '' in city center have these toy with original motor . they be super cool.. u will love that shop..and will definetly buy one : ) have fun : )
 im sell all my rc nitro helicopter . call me at 5285113 ... ( 1 ) trex 600 new/ ( 1 ) trex500 ( 1 ) shuttlerg ( 1 ) futaba remote 9channel ... all carbon fiber and digital servo . im selling it all for only qr.10 ; 000 ... .. you can canvas the price at any hobby center and get back to me ...
 hobby shop- city centre
 hobby land- rayyan
 omg ! ! : | guns and helicopter ? ? ! !
 speed marine- salwa road i think these guy r the best in town ...
 city center ; i 've see wonderful collection ... . its some wer besides the kid fun place ...
 try the shop in city center . they have many rc toy for sale there . and for the toy gun ; in your talk baout airsoft i think it prohibit here . good luck
 http : //www.rcqatar.com/rc-in-qatar/hobby-shops-in-qatar/
 hehehe lol : )
 hehehe
 hi ; welcome to doha . i will not ask you to get ur passport ; ticket and visa ... : - ) well though you will get everything here ; i would suggest you do get some warm clothing a it be winter season here ( not so very cold though ) . also get some food to last u for a day till u get to know the place around . that 's all ... chandu .
 welcome to doha ... you may need warm cloth and open mind .
 hi ; thanks ; thats useful ; yes all sort and the company be supply all the essential to last a day or so ; to give me time to find thing . i have also hear about the driving ; so once i get there and source the best place to rent a vehicle ; i will keep my sens on the alert at all time .
 welcome to doha ! well anyways aside from the usual stuff that you have to bring ; clothes ; toiletress ; etc . do n't forget to bring your passport ; visa and everything . january would still be a very cold month then i suggest you 've get to bring a jacket with you . it maybe up to 6 degree celsius.. but im not sure i be not from the weather center.. hehehe well anyways ; goodluck and welcome to doha !
 ya know what ; i really do n't need a thing ; my furnished villa be so well do . the only thing i ca n't find here at a reasonable price be lots of book so i bring those . music cds the same .
 welcome to doha qatar the land of oppurtunities ; it all depends on your life style bro .money can buy anything you will get all necessary stuff no need to bother one thing i suggest bring your mind with your body . just kidding jawan all the best
 bring some of those thing that make u fly high ... r u on drug ?
 welcome to doha ... ... ... i hope that you have a wounderful time after come to doha . its very cold over here at present and so i request you to carry some good quality warm clothes . as you mention that the company be provide eveything thing then i think you dont need to carry anything much . above all you be already a member of ql so any problem in future there be many to people to advice you . all the best .
 goto topnoch.. industrial area.. good one.. ! !
 where be the best place for a car paint retouch ? where in doha can i find an affordable ; yet good-quality car paint retouch service ? usually ; how much do it cost here ?
 delmon garage do an excellent colour match on my car .
 go to same dealer in industrial area who use same japanis paint orignal recommend by the manufacture to 100 percent guaranteeing of no fade quality . if you really look for something exactly a it be orginal .
 yes i get the requirement : ) thanks.. im more on a viewer only so goodluck on my application with 50 point *looooolll thanks po
 yes and now im gain point : ) hihihihi thanks mate : )
 lol darude hehehehehehehe : p hey will you be join u on our up come anniversary ? < em > '' how far you go in life depends on you be tender with the young ; compassionate with the age ; tolerant of the weak . someday you will have be all of these . `` < /em >
 yes sure have to break her other knee too to make it even : p < img src= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com/files/images/da.gif '' >
 just like online games . you need to level up ( mamaw ) inorder to join a guild ... .
 @ darude ; ok then i 'll help you with that hahahahahahaha : p < em > '' how far you go in life depends on you be tender with the young ; compassionate with the age ; tolerant of the weak . someday you will have be all of these . `` < /em >
 miss o ; can we drag darude to our up come anniversary just like the 1st one : d < em > '' how far you go in life depends on you be tender with the young ; compassionate with the age ; tolerant of the weak . someday you will have be all of these . `` < /em >
 hurry up dud ! earn points..and soon your a part of a group .
 subscription request deny for filex subscription request deny for filipino expatriate in qatar ... what be the requirement ? how to join a group ?
 he know that he 's always invite ... i would only waste time send him a personal pm.. : d [ img ] < strong > nothing in life be to be fear . it be only to be understood. < /strong >
 you be send the following : `` i be sorry i have to deny your subscription to filipino expatriates in qatar living because you have not reach the required 50 ql point for approval . please participate in the forum discussion through comment so a to gain point . please refer to this : http : //www.qatarliving.com/node/678330 < u > you can subscribe again once you have gain enough points. < /u > '' < a href= '' /node/13137 '' title= '' filipino expatriates in qatar living '' > < img src= '' http : //farm3.static.flickr.com/2197/2028195044 '' alt= '' '' width= '' 225 '' height= '' 58 '' / > < /a > < b > click for filexpats group ( 50 pt . for approval ) < /b >
 i already do yesterday but before the message go to my pm ... i already post this topic . sorry : ) but now i know how : ) will join once i get 50 : )
 ... and the most important thing ; you must be a filipino expat ... pinoy ka ba ? is this true ?
 filex=filipino expat isnt it ?
 thanks for the correction treysdad < pre > [ img ] < /pre >
 ops ops ops ; i think `` we do not discriminate against race ; creed ; color ; gender ; sexual preference and status in society '' .. so tcom everyone be welcome.. : ) < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingcheese.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //i153.photobucket.com/albums/s235/revmyspace2/graphics/misc/smileys/smiley '' title= '' myspace comments '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingchees
 oopps ; tcom ; that ; i be not aware of and will not pry.. but it be nice meeting you anyway.. and i still see you around at lulu sometimes.. : ) < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingcheese.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //i153.photobucket.com/albums/s235/revmyspace2/graphics/misc/smileys/smiley '' title= '' myspace comments '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingchees
 yes u can renew before two month ... but the new start time and expiry of rp will be different ... thanks
 yes you can ... no problem in that ! ! ! !
 rp renewal 2 month before expiration . i 'll be go to my country by the end of this month . me and my childrens ' rp will expire in dec/jan . can i renew my rp before 2 month from it expiration date . because i do n't want to come back and waste my money on ticket and then go back . i 'll be go for a long vacation . please advise me .
 yep..no problem..enjoy your holiday : )
 thanx everyone . but what do u mean by expiry time will be different ? ? ? ? ?
 yes u can ... it be possible before 3 months.in some case 6 months.the expiry date will not be change a like in isthimara ; dont worry .
 try souq al deera - they have plenty of shop with all sort of fabric ... it 's behind the standard charter bank near corniche
 souq al aseeri ; al deera if we don ; t stand for something ; we may fall for anything
 try souq asiri market ... ... ... ... ..
 the bouquet store on al-sadd by al-mufatah a well and the store on the road north behind al-sadd ; the most expensive store be souk al-diera but you can still try to bargain .
 souk al-diera be the best option so many shop to choose from
 firstly write your actual salary 26k for housing ? ? ? ? ? be your hr drunk ? ? ? ? ? secondly it 's never enough ... `` only two thing be infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the former . '' - albert einstein
 jackfrost have a good offer .
 same old question ... is this enough i have be offer a position a country manager for an international company ; the offer be a follow : salary - qr26k pm housing - qr26k pm transport - qr2.5k pm signing bonus - qr90k setup allowance - qr20k schooling medical can you tell me if this will support my family of 5 ( 2 adult and 3 kid )
 hannah i be willing to extend the same offer to you : ) ) `` only two thing be infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the former . '' - albert einstein
 there be a difference between your offer and jack 's ; his do not stink !
 well i be just joke but now that i know your line of thinking ; i wo n't bother ... `` only two thing be infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the former . '' - albert einstein
 i be quite serious though .
 i know ; i get your line of think dumbo ; i mention it already ... `` only two thing be infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the former . '' - albert einstein
 well hannah montana atleast sandeep doesnt s**k as well a you do ! i mean in all your song : p good fortune always come knock at your door ... when you be sh*tting in the toilet ! ! : )  [ ] ~ < strong > < /strong > ~ [ ]  < img src= '' http : //www.skamu.com/icons/animated/images/icon41.gif ''
 nice villa 12-20k pm and nice car 80k . so ... it fair ... you have the schooling in the package ... .more than fair ! but ; a sandeepkadian say ; it 's never enough .
 there you go suck at it again hannah lol good fortune always come knock at your door ... when you be sh*tting in the toilet ! ! : )  [ ] ~ < strong > < /strong > ~ [ ]  < img src= '' http : //www.skamu.com/icons/animated/images/icon41.gif ''
 is that the best insult you can come up with hannah montana ? ? ? ? oh man you must be blonde ... `` only two thing be infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the former . '' - albert einstein
 they would be pay you far too much for your mental skill ... but if you do take it.. marry me power to the non believer ; it a great feeling to have and hold .
 same old question ... is this enough i have be offer a position a country manager for an international company ; the offer be a follow : salary - qr26k pm housing - qr26k pm transport - qr2.5k pm signing bonus - qr90k setup allowance - qr20k schooling medical can you tell me if this will support my family of 5 ( 2 adult and 3 kid )
 i never know there be people in this world who take blonde joke seriously .
 jack ; why do n't you propose sandeep ?
 you think i take you seriously : ) ) now i be convince you be a blonde ... `` only two thing be infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the former . '' - albert einstein
 salary for how many month ?
 you be cute .
 we dont take blonde joke seriously like some people take swallow seriously . i mean swallow one own pride lol good fortune always come knock at your door ... when you be sh*tting in the toilet ! ! : )  [ ] ~ < strong > < /strong > ~ [ ]  < img src= '' http : //www.skamu.com/icons/animated/images/icon41.gif ''
 are you blonde you curry muncher ? ( just get this term from another post )
 sorry to hurt you hannah but you be all alone ... no other blonde here : ) `` only two thing be infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the former . '' - albert einstein
 you be a robot if you see me blonde .
 ya well that 's the way we be ; you want to get away from the stink ; take the next flight home.. `` only two thing be infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the former . '' - albert einstein
 same old question ... is this enough i have be offer a position a country manager for an international company ; the offer be a follow : salary - qr26k pm housing - qr26k pm transport - qr2.5k pm signing bonus - qr90k setup allowance - qr20k schooling medical can you tell me if this will support my family of 5 ( 2 adult and 3 kid )
 qr26 ; 000 per month be the salary . housing of qr26 ; 000 per month be a receipted expense ; i.e . if the villa cost qr26k they pay qr26k ; if it cost qr10k they pay qr10k therefore it 's not worth take anywhere cheap . will 2.5k per month be enough to lease a decent car ?
 sandeep and hannah : take a room ! : )
 if housing be a receipted expense then qr26k for country manager sound quite low ... though i think would be sufficient to support ur family of five depend offcourse again on your lifestyle and if ur look for a decent enough saving ...  one life to live ; live it to the full .
 hi sir ! what i need be the contents/details in a business visa invitation letter from the sponsor .
 the company should give an invitation letter to your sister i do n't know the exact draft and content of letter but it be need for completion of all document for stamp of visa in qatar embassy and also in the airport in the immigration and one more advise nowadays the immigration officer in our country be more stricter for those have tourist and business visa to minimize human traffic advise her to be smart for answer all the question of the immigration officer . goodluck
 yes one of my friend have be hold to the immigration because of the change mood of the immigration officer actually ive experience it also last 2007 they be ask me whats the purpose of my stay and what kind of business im do here in doha because it my first time im little bit nervous and the immigration officer refuse to stamp my passport that 's why i change lane and the other good officer there let me pass i think it depends upon there mood but nowadays it more stricter they ask for valid id that your work there in the philippines and the real purpose of your stay here in qatar be business and not for job purpose .
 as far a i know these should be the detail : 1. duration ( i.e . how many month ; start from when until what date ) 2 . full name ( write in passport ) 3 . passport information ( passport no . ; place of issue ; date of expiry ; nationality ) note : it should be address to `` the consulate general ; state of qatar '' should be print in company letterhead ; signature of authorized signatory and company stamp
 obviously you get 20 % on the third year only . instead of 1.000 you pay only 800 .
 he do n't ask this question in a lecherous sort of way ... sound like he be genuinely curious . i know i be when i first arrive ...
 n super man 's costume
 what be under the abaya ? what do local woman wear under their abaya ?
 still ; it 's one of the most stupid question to ask . he should try and find out himself - if he dare .
 i be wear once the abaya thinking that i be a naked ninja ! < img src= '' http : //logo.cafepress.com/8/2817834.5660348.jpg '' > if god drop acid ; would he see people ? -- george carlin
 seems a fair enough question to ask .
 get their nose out of joint and answer appropiately ; there be no problem ... if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 answer it best when she say it be like woman wonder what 's under a kilt . human nature..curiosity . if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 lol ; did you like what you be watch under the abaya ? did it smell good ? come on man ; tell u the real essence of that lady ? lol ; your reply cause spark in my mind ; imagine do that ! < img src= '' http : //logo.cafepress.com/8/2817834.5660348.jpg '' > if god drop acid ; would he see people ? -- george carlin
 hehe ! my ex once go out in jeddah wear only her swimming cossie underneath : o ) < a href= '' http : //www.flickr.com/photos/b '' title= '' monotone mia by baldrick2dogs ; on flickr '' > < img src= '' http : //farm4.static.flickr.com/3389/3262305312 '' width= '' 240 '' height= '' 97 '' alt= '' monotone mia '' / > < /a >
 if he be new to the middle east ... then yes ; i do think he have no clue..its so foreign to western culture that it spark curiosity . even i do n't know what woman wear under them until i go to a wedding and the lady take the abaya off . if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 their abaya . then a i get to meet more local woman ; i figure out it be just normal everyday clothes . imagine my surprise when i attend my first qatari wedding and saw all the abaya fall off to reveal these va-va-va-voom dress that shock even me ; and would have make the flashbulb go off on any red carpet in hollywood . my jaw be on the floor -- could n't have imagine they would be wear those kind of dress on underneath . so appearance can often be deceive ... ; - )
 when his interest be food ; gardening and woman
 what be under the abaya ? what do local woman wear under their abaya ?
 ala ! and then there be time you find men under abaya : ) good fortune always come knock at your door ... when you be sh*tting in the toilet ! ! : )  [ ] ~ < strong > smoke < /strong > ~ [ ]  < img src= '' http : //www.skamu.com/icons/animated/images/icon41.gif ''
 it be like a fashion show at the weddings..each dress and lady look more gorgeous than the next ! i have to admit to order an abaya make for me a few month ago so i 'd have one to wear if i need it for any formal function ... and end up wear it to the islamic museum open ... they be extremely comfortable ! ! if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 cummon the guy be -1 year 17 week in ql so tat old enough for him to know wats in and wats our of tat abaya ... . : ) < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/150x50 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' / > < /a >
 if you go through life think everyone have an ulterior motive behind every question then you be go to live a really sad and pathetic life . why not give people the benefit of the doubt and open your eye to a more positive way of think ? makes life much more enjoyable . if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 we know what 's under those because they be white and you can see through them when the wind blow them up against the body ... it either the white pant ; or regular brief ... so far be lucky and not see anyone go commando ... if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 i 've be here nearly 3 year and have no idea what they wear . i catch the odd glimpse of some high heel and the hem of a pair of jean ; but that 's it . why do everyone assume we should know what they wear ? it 's not like we can go up and ask them ; or stare long enough to find out ; be it ?
 now we know..you 've be fantasize about what 's under there ... see ; tallg have n't so he still wonder what 's under there ... now you know tg ... if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 normal clothes or dress ... what else would they wear ? ? ? although ; in ad one have la senza underwear on and nowt else !
 if only mankind would learn from dog ; we would be a much kinder and relaxed world . if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 my sister often go to souk in saudi wearing short and blouse underneath the abaya . : - ) mo lang !
 what be under the abaya ? what do local woman wear under their abaya ?
 be comparable to western coat ? sort off 'cause they really have their full clothes under it ! `` dgoodrebel will always be the rebellious good one ''
 tallg say : i 've be here nearly 3 year and have no idea what they wear . i catch the odd glimpse of some high heel and the hem of a pair of jean ; but that 's it . a priceless comment for a win joke full of sarcasm for the day . this pope be wear the abaya and the union jack under short for the rest of week . could you see the extra chocolate bar ? < img src= '' http : //logo.cafepress.com/8/2817834.5660348.jpg '' > if god drop acid ; would he see people ? -- george carlin
 before i drink that coffee . lol ! ! ! ! ! ! `` dgoodrebel will always be the rebellious good one ''
 scarlett ; you can wear anything i guess but do n't let it too obvious since i know that wear just shorts/ bikinis underneath be a no-no . that 's what my si tell me and she have know some colleague of hers who be `` reprimand '' by the motawas there . mo lang !
 let them wear anything doesnt bother you i guess ? ? ?
 michoo123 ; be that a question or a statement ?
 michoo ... .. tat the main issue here which bother most of u ... : ) so sit back and feel the imagination of many people around for this question ... . : ) < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/150x50 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' / > < /a >
 it depend upon the mood of the person . i think it would be more appropriate to know from where this abaya come or it origin so that one can come to conclusion . abaya ; the black thobe ; be not an islamic order or must . the only cover islam require woman to have be to wear something which cover the whole body from head to toe & the only thing should be visible be face ; hand & foot . second thing be the dress should not be reveal or body fitting ; it should be something decent which should not give a hint about their figure nor it should be too loose which might attract others attention to make u a fun object . third thing that should be take care about be the dress should have modest colour & not shin & lot of art work which would attract opposite gender . now come to abaya ; no where in islam it be mention ; neither be quran nor in ahadees ( sayings of holy prophet pbuh ) . abaya be something cultural ; sometimes lady be make to wear these so that they be not identify by hide their face too with nakaabs ( face veil ) . majority of men make their woman use face veil because they be in a culture where people make fun of family for not follow cultural value ; sometiems out of enimity if a woman of a certain family be identifiable they kidnap her or try to harass her only to degrade any particular family . sometimes ; it be simply the choice of woman who feel comfortable in wear abaya only because if she come out in normal islamic dress ; she 'll have several stare from other woman ; forget about men at this stage . so instead of answer everyone why she be not follow cultural value / dress she prefer to make their mouth shut by be one of them . sometimes it too humid outside & if the lady want to follow her islamic dressing too she might wear something short inside & on it she can wear a loose abaya ; thus give her comfort + no sense of guilt . so there be several possibility that come with abaya thing . my own thinking be that abaya be a full dress ; it something like a man wear shalwar kameez ; or a woman wear skirt shirt or an arabic man wear white thobe so there be no need to wear additional dress to it . briefs or vest be okay to make urself comfortable but wear a skirt shirt then wear a abaya for a corniche walk that go beyond my mind . but yes ; if you be work in a woman only environment & a human like to show off what new dress or shoe do they have ; they remove their abaya in there & move along with whatever decent they be wear . looks like i have write something bore so well to finish it off here : ) cheers : ) +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ confuse ... ... ... ... if you can not convince ! < a href= '' http : //www.glitterfy.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //img34.glitterfy.com/342/glitterfy063341t565f.gif '' alt= '' glitter words '' border=0 / > < /a > < br / > <
 consiouseffort be 100 % right -- -- -- u will find very less people how will show u right way help people ; the allah ( god ) will help you
 bore and get very inquisitive . look outside world my friend which be very beautiful and stop peeping inside .
 what be under the abaya ? what do local woman wear under their abaya ?
 thanks for the explanation conciouseffort . rp - glad you find my comment amusing ; though it be actually write in all seriousness with no sarcasm or humour intend .
 http : //img259.imageshack.us/img259/9642/123exs.jpg
 it be a simple straighforward innocent question . why do some people have to read other thing into it ? thanks for those who attempt to explain properly .
 great post..thank you ! ! ! it be n't bore at all and you explain beautifully ! ! if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous ; he will not bite you ; that be the main difference between a dog and man . -mark twain-
 they be free to wear any thing under the 'abaya ' it 's their very personal issue ; but in abaya they look respectable ... at least they respect the society..
 i expect and good for them . i love the abaya ; it cover a multitude of sin for me . i love have to wear one in saudi . meant that i could wear anything underneath that be comfortable . great idea . my thought be my own ; but i doubt my mum would agree with some of them .
 has the mystery solved ? ? did anyone find out wats under the abaya ? is it the round round spongy body or something else ? ? < a title= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' href= '' http : //www.qatarliving.com '' > < img src= '' http : //static.qatarliving.com/badges/150x50 '' alt= '' everything you need to know about living in doha ; qatar '' / > < /a >
 pennypit stop say it correctly .
 i have a samsung ; it 's be almost 3 years.. do n't get any problem at all . no problem in connect to tv ; dvd ; blue-ray and computer . sony one start develop a blue blob ( spot ) on the screen that after some time eat up the entire screen and the entire screen become blue . thats common problem with sony . i guess lg and samsung have the same feature .
 dear fireheartin ; 2 day back we buy samsung 5 series 40 '' tv from lulu . not yet connect with dish . so we use usb ; hard disk to see the movie . it be not show the movie/video option . only show the photo and music icon . so we be go 2 change the tv have all option like photo ; video ; and music . that 's why i raise the question .
 kindly give suggestion for purchase a tv we be decide to buy one 40 '' lcd tv . can anyone suggest which company and which series have all usb port ; connection with computer ; dvd ; handy cam ... ... ? . our budget be 4 - 4.5k . kindly suggest .
 all the lcds be almost same.. you can pick sony or samsung
 go for led tv..
 dear selvi ... samsung lcds do n't play the movie from usb port . only the led tv that too series 7 and 8 only have the usb movie option.recently we buy a samsung led tv series 7 from lulu centre . it come around 8750 riyal in digital delight offer and we get a 32 inch lcd tv at free of cost ... so i think if want usb movie option then u have to purchase a led tv . not a lcd ... .
 nothing good than samsung in lcd & led market . check the model suitable for you before finalize . my own experience and many expert in this field suggest only samsung . trust me .
 not really ; he be not full of himself ; imagine yourself in his shoe ? dozen and dozen of people try to debate logic and scientific fact base on thousand of year old scripture . it must be tough . especially his hate e-mail . http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=-zuowncugsc & feature=related
 surprised to see this post . i 've read his book for 20 year and the science be fascinate . nevertheless ; i 'm not sure that atheism can be explicitly express openly here .
 yeah ; but i guess here be acceptable at some extent . anyhow ; his book be make simple for the simple common mind ; a genius he be ; i must confess ! do you have any of his book please ? ! cheers .
 why be not atheism acceptable here ? it 's a point of view ; the same a believing in god or believing in fast car or the bottom of a whisks bottle . if you be scar of atheism then your faith must be weak
 i have strong disagreement with what he say but i agree with his main point ... also i do n't particularly mind his aggressive approach
 yes ; sure atheism be not acceptable here like satanism ...
 any richard dawkins fan ? ahoy there fellow primate v 3.0 any richard dawkins fan around ?
 but be n't satan the ultimate rebel and the original freedom fighter braveheart
 dawkins believe satan do n't exist so that be good for all of u
 it 's like an angel piss on your tonsil
 believing in god and angels ? damn ! that be too mainstream ! i believe in the fly spaghetti monster ; and jojo of the sea !
 so if god be not there ; then satan be not there ; ..so why people be make sin ; ... ? ? answer that be you can ; .. : p
 if heaven kitty and satanic kitten do not exist ; then why cat keep publicly have intercourse ? answer ? because they can !
 what be sin ? what you consider a sin ; be not what someone else would think it be a sin . sin be a human make concept for control
 qdc ; in your company ; go home before the end of shift be a sin . it 's a rule put by the owner ; know by all staff ; and violator be be punish ( and that 's why we adhere to rule ) . then you can have an organize company of say 100 people . so why you can not imagine the whole universe have an owner who put rule ; and have a judgement day ; .. ? ? ! ! simple be n't it
 one day i might if there be evidence . so far no evidence of a designer or ruler of the universe
 men believe the universe revolve around the earth until we know well ; same with the universe . just because we do n't know everything do n't mean you can make something up to fill the gap ! that 's what child do !
 any richard dawkins fan ? ahoy there fellow primate v 3.0 any richard dawkins fan around ?
 i be wise enough and comfortable enough to say i do n't know . i do n't need to fill the void with fantasy ; such a sun god ; moon good ; animal god ; god in the image of man etc .
 great ; .. if you do n't know ; this do n't men there 's no god . because if you be wise enough ; you should believe there 's someone create all of this ... . next step ; . you have to know ; .. because this answer will not relief you in the judgement day ... this be an faithful advise ...
 i do n't know if you be a child abuser either but that do n't make you a child abuser do it . if your faith in one god ; ignore the other 6900 since the sumerians ; make you happy then good for you . i 'm not hear to change your faith or belief ; you be free to believe in whatever you want no matter how ridiculous
 never hear of him ... ... .who be he ? and no i ca n't be bother to google him ... ..
 he write the selfish gene one of the seminal book on evolution in the 1970s as well a many others . i recommend the blind watchmaker a a superbly write science book . recently he have drift into the god arena and write the god deluision a few year ago . another interesting read
 i be not pick anything up . did you or do you not say : `` but the last thing i want be to be e-bashed by non-factual thousand of year old poetry '' ? you do n't say it 's write in a poetic style ; you say the word `` non-factual '' and `` poetry '' . yes i ( and many others ) get offend when you accuse the holy scripture of be poetry .
 okay let me clear this up ; since i be pretty sure you pick up your english through hollywood movie . fact : be something /event ... . that have happened/could be prove logically and physically . poetry : poetry be a style of written/spoken literature . please clear up why you get offend . as a muslim and mature individual ; i do not get easily offend ; just because i do not fully understand the other person do n't mean i have to be offend ...
 you be entitle to your own opinion but not your own fact . religion have no basis in fact
 you just sum up everything i want to say ! cheers mate .
 it 's fine if you want to disagree with me that be your right but you can say what i write be baseless ; you have no evidence for that !
 any richard dawkins fan ? ahoy there fellow primate v 3.0 any richard dawkins fan around ?
 and chris hitchens on religion . also very much admire aronra . favourite show be atheist experience - check it out http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0k1eliyrc24 # movie
 well i guess the `` you be entitle to your own opinion '' be no longer valid when there be no logical come back .
 nothing be impossible ! !
 no you can not .
 no ; sorry that page be only for registration of job search . i wan na now the salary . pls ! !
 depends on the standard of the hotel or restaurant . starting from qr 1000 to 3000 or high in some hotel
 not more than qr 2000-2500 include other perk like accomodation-transportation-food..
 so maybe the resturant and hotel be not so good and work whit in doha . 1000-3000qr be around 300-900us per month . i get free accommodation and free flight ticket . do you think i can survive whit that salary ? or do you think i can ask for around 5000qr do you think that will be to high for them= ?
 in al ahli club i saw two swimming pool one for the adult and teenager ; the second one be for the childrens howsoever they r coach
 i think they do it on aspire .
 where can we take our baby for swim lesson ? hi again ; we have a 6 month old boy and want to introduce him to the water and swimming as soon a possible . does anyone know of this type of session go on in doha ? thanks very much . m
 hello ... sorry i do n't have the answer to ur question ... but jst want 2 ask u outta curiosity a 2 y u want 2 introduce ur baby 2 all that cholorine etc at such a young age ... hez only 6 month ... r there any benefit etc of introduce swim at such a young age ... r n't there any health issue ; such a skin problem ; allergy etc ... please specify a this be the 1st time i be hearing of parent of such a small baby want to introduce swim ... please realize that no offense be mean ...
 its only for qataris ... you still can submit your cv..but dont think they would consider it ...
 as far a i have hear ; this career fair have be establish to provide employment opportunity to qatari national ; but ; since you be a doha resident ; i would advise you to attend the career fair because you will have nothing to lose ; and besides the vast number of company and corporation that be take part in the fair be sure to interest any job-seeker ; whether qatari or non-qatari ; so go for it ; and insha allah all the best !
 last 2 year they have only take qatari 's ; this year also it will be the same.anywayz try ur luck
 thanks for your quick response . i think it worth attend . but ; i be afraid that they will not let u in or submit anything especially that i try to contact them but get no answer . i really do n't know what a fresh graduate should do in qatar in order to find a job . i be do a lot of research and submit my resume to many company ; but everything seem useless .
 everyone who live in qatar be welcome to qatar career fair 2010 . visit the official event 's page here http : //www.facebook.com/event.php ? eid=356179802798 # ! /event.php ? eid=356179802798
 can anyone let me knwo what be the timing for the job fair ... ! ! ? ? ? ?
 sunday 14/3/2010 the opening ceremony will take place during the morning session ( this be an invitation-only event ) . open from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. for the public . monday 15/3/2010 to thursday 18/3/2010 open from 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. for the public . ( please see below for the exception relate to the wednesday morning session . ) wednesday 17/3/2010 open exclusively for lady from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. open from 3:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. for the public .
 < strong > sunday 14/3/2010 < /strong > the opening ceremony will take place during the morning session ( this be an invitation-only event ) . open from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. for the public . < strong > monday 15/3/2010 to thursday 18/3/2010 < /strong > open from 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. for the public . ( please see below for the exception relate to the wednesday morning session . ) < strong > wednesday 17/3/2010 < /strong > open exclusively for lady from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. open from 3:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. for the public .
 there be plenty of satelite shop in al nasar street or you can try in kahraba street .
 where can we buy a new remote control for humax decoder ? ? the exist be defective.. where can we buy remote control for humax decoder ? ? appreciate all advice ...
 thanks a lot for the info ... very appreciate that..
 from annabi electronic near to najada or pakistan sweet
 wat do u mean by lego ? ? ? ? ?
 if you can pay more ; you can get a corolla ; so you save your money when you want to sell it ! ! !
 yeah it be a good price ; less than a corolla of course . corolla be a common ride for many people these day . it be well to go with lancer gt ... powerful ; reliable and comfort . gt come with sun roof by da way . good luck
 whats the big deal about a sunroof anyhow ? you can only use 4 month out of the year and partially if that .
 no resale value for this mistubishi car.. best & the great choice toyota or honda .
 54k sound like a reasonable price.. about the sun roof ; well you can not really use it in here..if you really want this car and it with in your budget ; take it ; it your money anyway ...
 if your psp be a 2001 and high model ; there 's no way you can modify that one .
 it can be cracked.its version be 4.01 .
 psp from where can i crack my psp ? ? ? thnx in advance ! !
 for 30qr you can crack that just go souq ; anything be posible there ! ! !
 thank you ( :
 actually we also miss the saudi taste here but u can get kabsa rice and al-faham in rotana resturant locate on b-ring road ... and also in royal bukhari ... the taste may differ though ...
 called majboos in qatar dont confuse with khubz ( or khubboos )
 oh yes ! my husband still talk about it even after 13 year of leave saudi ... : - )
 hi dear ; there be a restaurant call al-katem locate on midmac roundabout they do nice steam rice from ksa and another on in madinat khalifah call mishwar al-khaleej very nice and recommend
 fanar near souq wafik ; opposite qatar central bank be good to attend the arabic class . their new course be go to begin somewhere after eid in end september
 contact me and i will give you class 600 for one month
 try fanar or guest center ... or there private .
 learn arabic through your friend ; it the easy and the cheap way . my offer a follow ; we write a book of learn arabic by use english letter . this book consist of 37 page and it contain the following subject : contents pronunciation of arabic alphabet pronouns - professions landmarks in the city introduction colors numbers clock sports at the restaurant at the hospital appendix we try in this book to mention the most common word and dialog in arabic . the price of this book include delivery be 50 riyal ( with out delivery 30 riyal ) . you can get help from your arabic friend at work to know how to pronounce the word from my experience ; learn arabic be not easy and if you want to learn ( read + write ) you need 2 year at least to do that ; so most people prefer to study the spoken course and learn the most famous word in arabic ; and you get that from our book . hassanaboyaser/-a-t-/hotmail.com mobile : 5723567
 uk jobs and visa dear ql member ; am plan to go uk for job and settle there ; here anybdy knws where can i get all these information regard uk job or visa relate ; any consultancy or anyone can help here ... to start my process..
 daft question ; but ... why ? high cost of living ; tax ; cold miserable weather . you 'd be good stay here !
 job search site
 there be joke go like this ... .. the people from uk be come to doha to work ; then you be go to uk for what ? accord to them once you reach there at the airport you will find taxi but no driver . if you ask somebody in the airport where be taxi driver they will tell you they be in doha work a manager ! ! ! cheer
 well call them -=soul meet soul on lover 's lips=-
 a such ; i dont wan na buy a new car ; a be look out only for a second-hand ; but ; for a value comparison ; with a second hand ; i find this a useful . so ; call them will be like ; i 'll hv to give my number ; for which ; i 'll be receive their follow up call ; i dont want taht and tat why be ask for a deliberate page for this ...
 just go their web site . most of them have th price there . if not ; go to their us website . all su web site have price . prices in qatar qould be atleast 5 % high than the price in the us .
 tickets be in city center near q-tel . i believe there be a ticket booth in villagio as well .
 the match be at khalifa stadium and ticket be available at villagio .
 the match will be on khalifa stadium ; near to spire zone ; will start seven o'clock on 16/05/2009 ; ticket you can have it on the gates . thanks sala
 so ; be it only the semis at al sadd then ?
 where be `` emir cup '' go on ? please tell me where be the location of the emir cup 's match on 16th may.. and from where i can collect the ticket for it . thanks in advance
 may i knw the price of 1 ticket ? ?
 7 ; 000 and above
 7800+good job title in id card ; ; ; ; good luck
 wich visa u want 6 month or residence . both of this it need 6500/-qr only
 yes thass true 6500 qrs
 no one can give accurate answer by ql ; everybody place their own opinion ! ! ! in this case first answer 7000 and above second 7800 and third be 6500 ! ! !
 it be 4500 and govt be plan to fix this a 7k . i read this in newspaper .
 the minimum requirement be qr.7500/- per month and the approval be base on your designation ; check with your company pro .
 the minimum basic salary for family visa be qr 7500.00 plus good designation in the id ( engineer or some thing like that : p ) for visit visa it be qr 5000.00 a on 04 april 2010 . coz my application reject today : (
 yes it can be use you can replace sim
 may i use same cell phone ( nokia 6300 ) in doha that i be use in india . i have nokia cell phone in india can i use the same cell phone in doha by just change the sim..or do i need to buy another cel phone in doha .
 yeah ; u can use the same ; no need to buy another one ; although ; i suggest you do so.i mean cmon ... 6300 be old generation . get a smart phone !
 yes ; u can ; just change the sim only
 well well ; no good buy new one and give me the old one ha ha ha . u can use the one from india with new sim from qatar ( qtel or vedafone ) . nokia system compatibility ok.i buy one from qatar and use in my native place .
 yes ; you can . nokia 6300 work on gsm system with operating frequency of 900mhz/1800mhz ; a what you have back in india ... the same operating frequency use here in qatar . < a href= '' http : //s62.photobucket.com/albums/h108/jaykaj/clubs/pinoy % 20guns/ ? action=view & current=pg '' target= ''  '' > < img src= '' http : //i62.photobucket.com/albums/h108/jaykaj/clubs/pinoy % 20guns/pg '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' photobucket '' > < /a >
 answer be yes
 jarir bookstore .
 in carefour look in the `` travel/luggage '' section .
 go to sofitel..wintech 4439351
 go to sofitel and look for wintech
 i saw it jarir bookstore
 does apply dish wash liquid ( for long drive ) damage the car paint ? hi all ; i be plan for a road trip to dubai from doha next week . i saw in some post that if i use the sand like spray ; i have to polish the car to remove it . some say use dish wash liquid be the cheap and best option . does the dish washing liquid damage the car paint ? my car color be black ; so i be a bit concerned .
 i have use the sand like spray ; ... it do not need polish to be remove . it come off just by water . and car paint be not effect . not sure how safe the washing liquid be on the car paint . i think people use it because it cheap than the sand spray .
 thanks shakstar
 use clear shield paint protection from titanium ; it protect you from all sand scratch and also paint fading . visit www.solargard.com . if you need more info send me a pm ; i will get you very good price also
 it be well and safer to use the sand like spray to protect the paint of your car from the abrassive sand storm that you may encounter on your road trip to dubai . it be specifically design for that purpose .
 it be declare holiday so it might not be ...
 there will be one wing on duty .
 thanks ; i do n't think the police would appreciate me call a it 's a minor accident really - a small dent on my car bumper and no other vehicle involve .
 thanks tinkerbell for your response but our pro already leave qatar . i really do n't know what to do now .
 yeah thats an option..show them the xerox copy and tell them your prev comp lose the original and ask if they can give u a new one ... ... ..
 i beleived that immigration office will not accept photocopy . better request again attach the photocopy ( noc ) a proof that they issue before .
 xerox copy of my noc hi ; good morning . i have a question regard on my noc because my previous company lose my original copy of my noc . my question be immigration will accept it even this be only a copy ? ?
 they will not accept photocopies..
 thx galloper
 you have meet me before ; do i look like a sardar ? < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/dc/dc2a3354a85224762942ed22700de778.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/9120 '' > < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 you be only a visitor and not a resident . check with french embassy .
 nope you can not ..you should be a resident here and stay at least 6 month on your current rp..check with italian embassy which be easy for schengen visa a per my experience .
 if you be on a visit visa you can not apply for any foreign visa from here . you have to have an rp a your sponsor will have to vouch for you .
 you can apply for a visa ; even if you be on visit visa ; just get a noc letter from your company ... saudi visas 's be issue even if a person be on a visit visa ; provide he submits a noc . even other gcc countries ; except us ; and uk ... .. one of my friends wife even get a 1 year multiple visa for malaysia on family visit visa ; in a day ... . : )
 italian embassy be the bad at hand out schengen visa . it take me 3 month with lot of hassle to get mine . i hear the french embassy be way easy ; will be go through them next time .
 i do n't know if anything can be do from here since the cancellation of your visa must be do at the bahrain airport ; not here in doha . if your visa be expire anytime soon ; say within the next two to three month ; i 'm not sure either if your residence permit in doha would be process if your bahrain visa have not be cancel but have expire . let 's wait for some additional info from other qlers .
 welcome to qatar with a new passport if your employer be not cancel the visa due to some reason .
 without exit visa ! ! ! hello everybody ... good day ! i just want to ask if it be possible to work there in qatar without cancel my work visa here in bahrain ; because my employer refuse to cancel my work visa here in bahrain . is there any other option ? pls . help me guys.. may god bless you all..thank you so much
 as the guy above say ; get a new passport ; no problem then ! !
 read this : < b > qatar authority enforce strict education rule < /b > http : //gulfnews.com/news/gulf/qatar/qatar-authorities-enforce-strict-education-rules-1.776451
 i think that this apply to qataris only .
 lots of westerners homeschool . there be plenty outside-of-school club and sport for kid ; so socially homeschool kid need not be leave out .
 i use to see it at carrefour ... but no more lately ... i 'm buy now hipp organic from lulu ... double the price but i wo n't go for farleys and hero a i do n't trust these brand
 thank u all for ur reply ... ... ..can i know the location of mega mart ? r u sure i can get it there ?
 shoprite hardly ever stock it ... and incase u didnt notice..usually they have it when it close 2 expiry ! ! my 2 kid have grow up have farleys..its pretty good ... u cud give it a shot..its as good a gerber..for some reason they have stop stock gerber here in qatar..and fyi megamart be in `` the centre '' mall
 no idea
 yea i have renew my rp couple of day ago . i have tell from the hr department that i have to wait for a couple of week till they issue the new smart card . they be upgrade there system .
 welcome to qatar gharrafa be a nice quite area and be ideal for family . there be a good shopping centre name lulu in the area . they be a few school like qatar canadian school and compass international school but trust me it be hard to get into . most school have a wait list . this by far will be your big challenge . keep me posted and i will try to help you out . good luck ! !
 al-gharrafa area ; whats it like ? hi ; i be move to qatar in the next couple of week and we will be live in al-gharrafa . what 's this area like ? i also have a 6 year old boy so any school near this area ? thanks in anticipation
 al gharafa be fine - for the most part no section of doha be that much good or bad than any other . unlike some other city in the world ; the expat be not concentrate in particular area - so anywhere you land will be fine . as for school ; compass be right there in al gharafa and be the school that my 5yo son attends . sherbourne be n't too bad of a run from al gharafa ( i do n't think it be ; anyway ) . like ominstructor say ; get into a school be go to be your big challenge . good luck !
 thanks for the info thats very useful . i know find a school for my son will be very challenging . compass be a very expensive school ! ! ! any idea about the gulf english school ; there website be not update since last year and try to email them but the email bounce back . also try to phone from the uk and be on hold for a long time and have to give up at the end . thanks
 i have a friend whose kid be at the gulf english school . i 'm sure she 'd be willing to give you her feedback - pm me or send me an email ( i think i send it to you ) if you want to touch base with her .
 that would be great ; whats your email ?
 you really do need to say which school or school she will be try to get into . for some school ; the most important requirement be a british passport and load and load of cash to pay the extortionate school fee .
 this seem to be the strange thing . how important be the entrance test ? or be it a you say a british passport and cash get them in . we have visit the school that follow the british and international curriculum - on the whole most have be very helpful and friendly - but one in particular ( the name of our city be in it name ) be particularly unhelpful and cold towards u . some school have say a formal test on math ; english and some science - others have say multiple choice - i do n't know if my daughter be at the right stage or if she need to do some extra work - and if so what work - if anyone have any information on the exams - i would very much appreciate some guidance - it be begin to worry me - or be i worry unecessarily and just the passport and money will get her a place ! ?
 they 're try to weed out those student with special educational needs and they 're also check on their standard of english ( which should n't be a problem for a native speaker ) .
 my old sparring partner squarepeg be quite right ; of course . a lot of school in doha have little or no provision for sen child and there be not much in the way of eal support either . trying to get the student through a curriculum that be in their second language be no easy task ; so of course many school would prefer to have more student for whom english be their `` mother tongue '' . if a school have a significant proportion of qatari student ; then of course the supreme and absolutely perfect education council of qatar will want to make sure that the little darling be get lot and lot of lesson in arabic and islamic studies . ( that 's a fat lot of use if your family be not muslims and and you speak english a your first language . ) learning arabic may sound like a fun thing for your child to do ; but it be n't because the arabic teacher follow the supreme and immaculate education council 's order and therefore they teach it in a really dull and useless way ; instead of concentrate on conversational arabic that could be useful and enjoyable . as for islamic studies ; the teacher ( who be usually egyptians or lebanese ) do not want to lose their job and so they let the student see the exam paper before the actual exam ; so that they can memorise all of the answer . then the student get amazingly high mark and everyone be happy .
 which school do your daughter currently attend . the teacher may be able to help you .
 to keep the forum on track ... you be from the uk so i wouldnt worry in the least about the entrance exam . these exam be general knowledge test which determine what level she be at and her english ability . as for islamic and arabic study ; they arent mandatory at a lot of international school ( only in some instance be arabic lesson mandatory but certainly not quran ) .  `` diplomacy be the art of say 'nice doggie ' until you can find a rock - will rogers ''
 entrance exam for school hi my daughter be due to sit entrance exam for a start in sept 2010 in year 7 ( 11+ ) stage . anyone get any tip or insider info on what she need to study to help her ? any advice gratefully receive !
 amoud have kindly suggest that islamic studies and arabic be not mandatory at some school in qatar . he ( or she ) may well be right . the bad news ; however ; be that long wait list and lack of place are mandatory ; it would appear ; at all of the good school in doha . ( these be usually the one that do not have lot of arabic and islamic studies on the curriculum . ) yes ; a british passport do indeed come in handy ; but so do a very big pile of cash . the good school know that they be oversubscribed and so ( surprise ; surprise ) they put up their fee accordingly . i have no problem at all with the idea of expat child learn arabic . i do ; however ; get very annoyed with the way that the completely wonderful education council insist that expat child should be teach arabic in a way that be totally boring ; lifeless and insipid . when i be teach in doha ; several expat parent tell me that they be happy for their child to learn arabic ; but they want them to learn conversational arabic that the child could actually use . when i quiz the teacher ; they say that the utterly amazing education council lay down the law about how arabic should be teach ; so it be just another example of the totally magnificent education council screw thing up . great to hear from you again ; squarepeg . i be now teach at a school in the uae ; but i think that it might be fun to have a look at qatar living ; for old time ' sake .
 hippo ; what you be tell her have absolutely nothing to do with what she be ask ; and to be honest a british passport do nothing for her if she be apply to a non-british school and then may not have much weight if the school do not have a policy of allow entrance to it national first . also ; the huge pile of cash be baloney as well . if you have the money to pay the fee ; or the company pay thats sufficient . the exam be also for the 2010 start ; which she will have sufficient time for climb the wait list . it be n't as cynical a you make it seem ; and i may add that the qatar canadian school be governered by the ministry of education and offer neither arabic nor quran at this point ; but do offer french a it be the second language of canada .  `` diplomacy be the art of say 'nice doggie ' until you can find a rock - will rogers ''
 amoud ; what you be suggest to everyone ( not just the original person who first post the question ) be that the school fee at most ( or all ) school in qatar be very reasonable . or maybe you be say that if the school fee be a bit high ; then it be not a problem at all because your company will always pay . many parent be not in this happy situation ; amoud ; and sometimes there be a big gap between what your company be prepared to pay and what the school expect you to pay . your comment about `` climb the wait list '' assume that you have in fact be give a place on the wait list . if you bother to look back at previous posting on qatar living ; you will find that plenty of parent have be tell that the wait list be full for the school of their choice ; so how can they `` climb '' the wait list ? just in case you have not notice ; amoud ; again and again on this forum there have be posting about which school in doha be the best . compass ; dess ; park house and doha college have frequently be mention by parent a be some of the best school in doha . guess what ? they be all british school and a british passport ; though not compulsory ; be highly desirable if you want your child to go to one of these school . the american school also have rave review and ( surprise ; surprise ) the fee be probably the high in doha . hence my comment about pile of cash come in handy .
 again hippo ; have absolutely nothing to do with what the poster be ask . i be sure she be aware of the school fee if she be sit for an exam for 2010 . the rest be nonesense as well . i have be here 10 plus year and my child have be give place in more than half of the school you mention and we dont have british passport nor be our school funding come from our company . people who complain about not have a spot in school be the one who wait until the last minute to register . she be register for september 2010 . if i do recall it be now november 2009 ; more than 10 month in advance ... ..  `` diplomacy be the art of say 'nice doggie ' until you can find a rock - will rogers ''
 `` please help . we be try to move out to doha from the uk this october ; but be come up against a brick wall with school place . every school seem to be full with wait list . how on earth do you get your kid in to school ; especially those teach engliush curriculum . it seem to be impossible ? '' i just come across this new post today ; amoud ; and it do seem to suggest that get a school place for your child be not as easy a you suggest . i be not an economist ; but i do believe that there be something call ; `` the law of supply and demand '' . if there be a shortage of something ; the price go up . this be what have happen ( and continue to happen ) in many school in doha ; especially the british school i have already mention .
 if true ; good news . reduce some ques . he actual need will go to hotel .
 so what happen if you have friend come to visit and stay with you ? they have to stay in a hotel ?
 hey if this be true ; hotels be go to hike up the already very high rate and make a bounty at the cost of resident who want to get their relative over here for few day ; fail to understand we want to compete with uae in all other matter but in this case we go in the opposite direction ; this be not fair moi be not help resident but the hotel to do business at the cost of resident .
 tourist visa headache . i go down to the building opposite the airport the other day to try and get a visa for the mrs. as i walk in i be surprise to find that there be only two people in there . when i go there in june the place be ball to the wall with body . anyhow ; i politely go up to the female who sit and process the visa ; the freindly lady send me over to the opposite desk to the not so friendly official who be suppost to stamp your form and check your document . now when i walk in the building this guy be obviously on the dog big time however ; when i come walk over he be suddenly overcome with work and far too busy to be arsed with the like of some expat who 's look to bring more expat in the country . so he look at me with distain that would topple a camel and tell me the form that i 've just 2 hour ago download from the net be no longer valid and they 've change the rule . obviously i should have know this information ; he be somehow bemuse that my world do n't revolve around the ever change qatar visa system and the fact that i do n't know the change that have be implement only last week he could not comprehend . he then bamboozle me with some number and name of a travel agent of the name he say so fast it sound and i actually write down quarabatra travel ; it be only later after i repeat this to the woman at the end of the qtel directory enquiries that i find out he be actually say cleopatra travel ? ? this company be even less helpful than the visa official . bottom line ; if you want a visa you 'll have to get one through the hotel but there be always a loop hole and be a brit we always find em.. the hotel will get you a 30 day visa so if like me you want your tourist to stay at your place just get the hotel for a night . also that way the hotel get to clean your bed sheet after you have n't see the mr for 2 month ; it go to get sweaty . cheapest hotel i find be the intercontinental qr1000 +19 % bulls**t charge
 ummmmmmmmmmm
 resident visa hi all . i will travel to qatar in a month fro europe in order to join a company . how long do it take a resident visa to be issue ? can someone rent accommodation without a resident visa ? if not whare can he live ? thanks
 if the company you be start work with be in any way decent ; they should have temporary accommodation for you wait for your rp to be process . if not think twice before come over here . it may be an indication of how they treat their staff .
 it may take 2 to 3 month for visa to be issue . no rent without visa . you can stay in a hotel or of course company arrange accomodation . good luck and welcome to qatar .
 better to check first your accomodation before travel to doha . if your accomodation allowance be include in your salary package then you will stay in the hotel on your arrival hence you can not rent till you get the residence permit and this be require also for the application of your bank personal cheque to support the monthly rental .
 if your visa be cancel by your sponsor ; than i think you can not come . there be a restriction in computer in immigration ... ... ..first check ! or you can come back at the same ( old ) sponsor 's visa .
 with business visa no problem but u cant change it to rp
 if you be come under business visa no problem but to change to any compnay you can not do ; otherwise you need to get no objection from your previous company ; but after two year you can back here in new visa .
 qatar be not only the place you can work.try your luck around the world and after two year you apply again here .
 thanks man
 do n't believe every rumor you hear . why would the state of qatar stop issue work visa to americans ? if you be qualify for the job and your experience and skill would certainly contribute in the country 's continued development ; then qatar would surely be glad to have you here .
 < i > hmmm good eve rish < /i > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myspaceantics.com/image-myspace-graphic/angel/cherub-harp.gif.html '' title= '' click image to add '' > < img src= '' http : //myspaceantics.com/images/myspace-graphics/angel/cherub-harp.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' more pics @ myspaceantics.com '' > < /a > < br
 visit visa dear all ; i want to bring one of my friend under visit visa who be my class mate in philippine . but could you tell even though visit visa be only for 1 month ; be there any possibility to extend visa at least for another one month . if anybody can help me in this regard ; highly appreciate . thx .
 i guess it a business visit visa the release visa show one month but it can be extend to onother two months..a total of three months..or tawag ka lang sa akin 55790168 .
 well get the business visa
 if visit visa a u r say not business or work or whatever ... then u will have right in 6 month even it mention in the visa one month . after ure friend finish medical and that should be before the first month get expire . wait for result after u can extend it in jawazat by pay 200 qr . for every month of extention up to 6 month . if he want to stay for the 7 month he will take air ticket of the last day of the 7th month it easy . for u to extend u will need original passport visa copy and debit or credit card . hope this help u. good luck
 you can not bring your friend on family visit a it be only for direct relative .
 there be a big difference to a family visit visa and visit visa only ... 1. family visit visa can be extend for up to 6 month . 2. visit visa be only valid for 1 month . you can not also sponsor your friend on a family visa ... immigration in the philippine airport be very strict when it come to both visit and business visa ...
 humanresources.doha @ cant i renew the visit visa before it expire in one month ? be there any possibility ?
 listen u can get it easily then u can extened it till 9 month ... firstly ! visa will b valid for one moth ... if u want to extend then u must have to go for medical check-up ... then after clear medical check up u can extend straightly till six months..it will cost u 200 qatari riyals per month ... .. then after finish these six months.. then only ur real work will start ; to after officer to get it extend
 yes ; it can renew for another 1month ... pero base on my experience you need to exit ..either sa dubai or bahrain ..airport to airport lang nmn yun ... and most impt..your friend shld bring plenty of money to survive ... : - ) i agree withyou ; ma safe kung visit visa nlng..kc pg business ma complicate . ; ..
 switch of the desktop and turn it on again and try
 is it happen only for yahoo ?
 please help about yahoo login can someone please tell me why i can not log in to my yahoo mail or yahoo messenger ? it always say can not find the server ; anybody can tell me what to do ? please ; thanks
 i 've be face that kind of problem several time it 's not the network ... but the computer you be use have problem with the registry . just download cc cleaner then instal it ... the run cleaner..after that run registry ... try to run your yahoo . if still same problem..you can use tune-up utility 2010 . your computer some time get dizzy if too much trash inside the registry
 yes ; it open early morning ! or if you dont want to go there ; try safari supermarket .
 yes open ; but very expensive in friday .
 yes open but they close for pray these follow also good market al-khor wakra or in doha lulu
 yes it si open but very crowd .
 gulf leather ; it abdula bin thani road ; right after the signal of sofital hotel .
 answer of your question seem to be in your question only.. !
 howsweetisqatar ; thanks for the info
 might be something in so that be why you be keep eat all the time we do n't like it
 it 's a junk food so you wo n't gain weight .
 chinese crackers chinese crackers ; what be they make of ? will i add weight by eat too much of that ? ? note : i love these cracker
 is it the fortune cookie kind ? most chinese cracker be make of rice and sugar . if you eat a lot ; you 'll be accumulate a lot of calorie .
 lol whatever-7 ... exactly the reason why im not post anything.. worth a three point though..
 show this car to some good work shop and they will tell you the market price for this model and make computer check to know conditon of this car .
 yes 35000 not more than that ... ...
 take the car number and ask from the insurance or toyota company about history of accident about this car . is this car 1.8 or 1.3 ? ... if it be 1.3 than do n't go for it ...
 5000 km only ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? qr 45000 also not bad
 28 ; 000 qr would be enough put aside some money for maintenance job coz it second hand aleady .
 i do not purchase hope for a price . < a href=http : //www.bigolinks.com > < img src=http : //usermedia.bigoo.ws/community/media/73/573.gif border=0 > < /a > < br > < a href=http : //www.bigolinks.com >
 msi laptop be not available locally . some old post state that it be a good option to buy online and then have it ship here . ( try aramex with their shop & ship service ) regards ! !
 i buy msi laptop from jarir book sotre 8 month ago
 msi laptop in qatar ; doha . im comin to qatar in next 2 day . i want to buy an msi g series laptop . its model name be msi g683r . can anyone guide me where can i get this laptop ? i hear about the electronic market in qatar . please let me know as fast a possible . thank you .
 i think only jarir bookstore have a gud range of msi laptops .
 hey ; can u please let me know the configuration of your msi laptop ? ? ?
 hey ; do u live near jarir bookstore ? ? ? where be it in doha ? ? ? or be there any place call the electronic market ? ? ?
 for electronics you can go to lulu hyper market - electronic section or go to sofitel in doha city . jarir bookstore in on the main highway of salwa road ... you can say it be diagonally oppposite to ramada hotel . lem me know when you buy a msi laptop .
 yea sure . where r u frm ? ? ?
 doha only
 oh ; if u find time can u jst find out where these msi laptop be sell at doha ? ? ?
 i 'm sell my msi computer g series gt70 0nc-008us 17.3-inch laptop ( black ) new . just pm me for info .
 check with jarir book center they be the main dealer of msi in qatar ; jarir hot line - 44424827
 please let me know what be your asking price for it . you may contact me at markcocjin @ yahoo.com thank you .
 msi laptop in qatar ; doha . im comin to qatar in next 2 day . i want to buy an msi g series laptop . its model name be msi g683r . can anyone guide me where can i get this laptop ? i hear about the electronic market in qatar . please let me know as fast a possible . thank you .
 does anyone know where i can purchase an ambi pur air freshener oil and plug ? some store only have the little oil bottle that be useless without a plug . thank you .
 try ftd.com they send flower worldwide ; i would think they would be 'down under ' too . very sweet of you i might add .
 i would try google ; australia be bind to have reputable company online . if not ; there 's always interflora .
 last time interflora send to my house a dozen of garlic ! : (
 interflora !
 gardenia florist be an agent here for interflora ... ..maktab hollandi be also very good and they also be partner of interflora ...
 interflora be well trust for sure
 ah ! how sweet of you ? ? your wife would feel on top of the moon with your kind gesture ... : ) )
 if you want to send fresh flower or rose just visit : http : //www.overseasflowerdelivery.com/
 interflora never send even in doha yopou mean australia omg ... ... .. : ) ) ) )
 pls recomend a website design company hi ql member ... we be a new business entity in qatar and look for a reliable website design company who can do high end program sites.. is there anyone in qatar i can approach ? or should i look at outsource ? .. thx
 check this website www.soft-essentials.com and then check the contact section for the worldwide number incl qatar good luck ! ! by the way ; they be very professional
 you should try this company : www.meridianqatar.com ... they be really good.. i have them do site for u and some of our clients.. they be a dubai base company ; but have representation office in qatar for alst 2 years.. very reliable and they do website which we ourselves can update ... i think it call dynamic website ... http : //meridianqatar.com/recent http : //meridianqatar.com/contacts.htm
 al mannai corp or try this qatar link http : //www.qatcom.com/listings/qatar-search/computer-software-solutions
 doha touchscreen monitors tel : +974 4676070
 grass interactive ... .call this number one mr rahid 5576752
 dear there ; sorry i could not understand your question . do you mean ikhwan muslemin party in egypt or something else ?
 thanks for your reply abdulhadi alsheikh . i be research on jamaath-e-islami of maulana maudoodi of pakistan . i just want a representative of this group ; to talk to me about it .
 < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //lc.fdots.com/cc/lc/2a/2a9ef16e05e9992ed08018911295edd1.gif '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' myhotcomments.com '' > < /a > < br > < a href= '' http : //www.myhotcomments.com/graphics/35650 '' > myhotcomments < /a > < br clear= '' leave '' >
 be there like a studio where we could jam ? i 'm plan to form a band with my bro ; cousin and friend and it would be nice if there 's a studio where we could practice .
 it ibanez rgx 320 pg `` bloody skull ''
 to all rockers.. be there a place for a band practice here in doha ?
 what genre be you plan to play ? -- -- -- -- -- -- -- its only after we 've lose everything ... that we 're free to do anything .
 mostly im into metal and rock ... old school like metallica particularly . and if u hear the filipino rock band `` wolfgang '' thats one of my fav .
 you can renew your registration any time ; they be concern with the fee ; you just go directly to the inspection place ; pay 75qr and they will inspect your car ; once it be finish and pass ; then process the insurance and go to traffic police . if you will not renew till the expiry date ; it have one month grace period also .
 thanks hawk
 how do you do it the last time ? do the same way this year as well .
 aww lunch.. : ( < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingcheese.com/ '' > < img src= '' http : //i153.photobucket.com/albums/s235/revmyspace2/graphics/misc/smileys/smiley '' title= '' myspace comments '' border= '' 0 '' > < /a > < br > < a target= ''  '' href= '' http : //www.blingchees
 i 'd stay away from fitness first . it 's a purely about make money ; more so than any business . while you be wait inline for people to finish use equipment ; you will see new people be give the tour of the place ; when it be obviously over crowd already . what 's fitness first 's answer ? come when it 's not so crowded . haha . a gym that want you to work to their timing . other than that ; they have a lot of anti consumer policy ; you cant cancel unless they take another month out of your credit card ; they etll you you get a passport to use anywhere ( but in reality you have to *apply* for it ; and it 's only for 30 day ) . just drop by & see how they try to muscle you into take the 1 year package no matter how much you tell them that you 'll only be here for 6 month . do n't believe the transferable stuff because the responsibility be completely on you to find someone to transfer it to . also ; park in city center be hell . i could go on & on & on like how pretty much everyone there be pay a different rate for the exact same thing . i 'd look for a good gym in a hotel . make sure you go to these place on the same time/day of the week you plan on go to get a real
 check the golds gym club . it be not far from lulu and from what ive hear it be good . you can find more information by call them on 466 6622 .
 which come first ? baldrick or google . what you need to do be step out and bing instead .
 yahoo search may help ...
 google does anyone know how to find google ? i try to google it but find myself stick in a paradox loop .
 it 's easy to find it on altavista .
 were n't they make fun of altavista during the early year ; how altavista could n't find itself when search . it 's the other way round now .
 yoy can find altavista with google ; wk .
 lp - he mean that alta vista cudnt find itself when search on av ... . lol ... ..too many search engine ... ..
 wow ! really ?
 really ? ? what 's the problem in find google ? ?
 she have dune and mungo on one side and sebastian and sula the other side : - ) big boy raz face her ... but i know she 'd love a forever home : - )
 post early ... i try to google the link.. cant find google : - )
 dune - spice planet ; land of the fremen .
 i have read a lot of complaint on ezdan tower . i wonder ho 's the current situation . any alternative ? al fardan seem great ( european/italian design ) but i do not know if there be avalability .
 best service apartment in doha for expat ? which be the best serviced apartment for expat living/working in doha along with family ( wife and baby ) ?
 try beverly hill towers in west bay . quite a lot of family live here ; no shortage of playmate ! good location a well .
 try in somersat-westbay so far the best service apartments but quite expensive ; if you be interested i could help you . 5497010
 to king fara - be you a real estate agent ? do you have an email address ?
 salaam .
 < img src= '' http : //logo.cafepress.com/8/2817834.5660348.jpg '' > < img src= '' http : //logo.cafepress.com/8/2817834.4555008.jpg '' > be fearful when others be greedy ; and be greedy when others be fearful ;
 conflicting answer my result from confusion about which nationality you be inquire about . you need to specify their country of passport .
 from your profile ; i understand you be british . i assume your family member come here have british passport . if this be true ; then let them come and they will get the visit visa from the airport directly stamp onto their passport . each visa will cost 100 qr per passport and be valid for one month only . remember to tell them to bring a valid credit card as it is the only way they can pay for the visas in the airport ! if you wish to have them a resident permit ( to stay here with you for more than that period ) then you have to apply for resident visa ; which you can simply do after they arrive ; if you wish . do n't worry ; they will have no problem at all in enter .
 the last stateement about need a credit card to pay for the visa at the airport be not true . i come here for a month in march and pay by cash then move here in june ; again pay by cash . not everyone have a credit card ! you can also renew the visa after one month for another month cost the same 100qr . good luck and hope your family enjoy the stay .
 dancing queen ; if you say you do it without credit card ; then this be new to me . when i enter qatar last year for the very first time ; i offer cash and they refuse any payment unless it be make by a credit card . at the passport authority ; when i apply for my wife 's visa ; they also insist on pay with a credit card . they even have machine that produce disposable credit card for the value of the fee that be use once if the applicant do not own a credit card .
 the best investment be yellow or white gold because they be have a very good resale value . diamond be not have a good resale value ; every year it value decrease by some good percent . so good to buy gold and best shop be damas which u can find at many place in doha . hope this can help u out : ) .
 diamond earring or gold earring ? ? ? hi guy ! i be plan to buy a piece of jewelry ; but i want to know which be well for investment.. gold or diamond earring ? thank you for your input ! !
 diamond ; do n't have any resale value ; go for old whatever it be ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? best of luck .
 have you not hear the statement like `` diamonds be forever `` and `` a diamond be a girls best friend `` ? well diamond be forever since ; when you buy a diamond ; you have to keep it forever ; a it value reduces in an exponential manner and it make no sense in sell it at 10 % of it price . secondly how do you know that the gold that you be buy be pure ? back home they may just refuse to buy it back or ask for a 8 % discount on listed price . besides gold will soon drop to about 800 $ per ounce in the comming month ; so why buy at all ? i sincerely feel that silver have to do a lot of catch up so would buy silver brick if possible ; i feel it will give good return than gold in the 10-12 month horizon ! ! cheers to you while you make the decision . if you be buy a an ornament go for gold -- if you be buy a in investment -- go for silver .
 go for jewelry that be yellow gold and without gem nor stone . white gold be nice ; but it have a cheap market value than the yellow gold .
 of course gold..
 for investment ; both be ok if you invest like this . gold - buy gold block from the famous shop with certificate . diamond - buy loose good color ( e ) ; clarity ( vvs1 ) and carat ( 0.5 - 0.7 ) with certificate . do n't buy one carat diamond which be double price . if you want to have good return ; you have to invest quality one . good luck in investment .
 www.qatcom.com
